ID,Article,Summary,word_count,NN_keywords_single_word,NN_scores_single_word,VB_keywords_single_word,VB_scores_single_word,NN_keywords_bi_gram,NN_scores_bi_gram,VB_keywords_bi_gram,VB_scores_bi_gram,NN_keywords_tri_gram,NN_scores_tri_gram,VB_keywords_tri_gram,VB_scores_tri_gram
101,"(CNN) -- Can a movie actually convince you to support torture? Can a movie really persuade you that ""fracking"" -- a process used to drill for natural gas -- is a danger to the environment? Can a movie truly cause you to view certain minority groups in a negative light?

Some scoff at the notion that movies do anything more than entertain. They are wrong. Sure, it's unlikely that one movie alone will change your views on issues of magnitude. But a movie (or TV show) can begin your ""education"" or ""miseducation"" on a topic. And for those already agreeing with the film's thesis, it can further entrench your views.

Anyone who doubts the potential influence that movies can have on public opinion need to look no further than two films that are causing an uproar even before they have opened nationwide. They present hot button issues that manage to fire up people from the left and right.

The first, ""Zero Dark Thirty,"" is about the pursuit and killing of Osama bin Laden, which features scenes of torture. The second, ""Promised Land,"" stars Matt Damon and explores how the use of fracking to drill for natural gas can pose health and environmental dangers.

Critics of ""Zero Dark Thirty"" fear that audiences will accept as true the film's story line that torture was effective in eliciting information to locate bin Laden. They are rightfully concerned that the film will sway some to become more receptive or even supportive of the idea of torturing prisoners.

Peter Bergen: Did torture really net bin Laden?

Opposition to the film escalated last week as three senior U.S. senators -- John McCain, Carl Levin and Dianne Feinstein -- sent a letter to the film's distributor, Sony Pictures, characterizing the film's use of torture as ""grossly inaccurate and misleading."" The senators bluntly informed Sony Pictures that it has ""an obligation to state that the role of torture in the hunt for Osama bin Laden is not based on the facts, but rather part of the film's fictional narrative.""

The hostility toward ""Promised Land"" shows us that it's not just politicians who complain about movie messages. Big business -- namely, the gas industry -- is aggressively objecting to the allegation in ""Promised Land"" that fracking poses environmental and health risks.

How concerned is the gas industry?

It has set up a rapid response team to counter publicity for the film by using two Washington-based groups that lobby for gas and oil companies: the Independent Petroleum Association of America and Energy in Depth. These groups have scrutinized appearances by the films stars on talk shows, questioned who the financiers of the film are, published parts of the script and mocked the film on social media.

Energy in Depth went as far as to ""fact check"" a recent appearance by the film's co-star and co-writer, John Krasinski, on ""Late Night With David Letterman."" Within hours of Krasinski's appearance, Energy in Depth posted a blog on its website pointing out what it perceived as factual errors made by Krasinski about fracking.

Regardless of whether ""Zero Dark Thirty"" and ""Promised Land"" intended to promote any message, people who watch them will be ""educated"" in some way on torture and fracking -- even if very subtly.

This is the same reason that minority groups continue to object to being represented in a negative light in movies and TV. They understand that accurate representations matter because studies have shown that biases can form based on stereotypes or inaccurate representations. (Being of Italian and Arab descent, I'm acutely aware of this issue as my respective heritages have been represented by a parade of mobsters and terrorists.)

What's Hollywood's role in all of this? The same as it has always been -- to make money.

In fact, there's no doubt that the studios behind these movies are overjoyed at the controversy that has erupted and the resulting free press. Indeed, the response of Sony Pictures to the uproar over ""Zero Dark Thirty"" tells you about what they really hope we will all do: ""We encourage people to see the film before characterizing it.""

So go ahead, enjoy these films and ones like them that are based on actual events or current hot issues. But while you are watching them, be aware you might be getting more than the price of ticket. You might also be getting a (mis)education.

The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah.

@highlight

Dean Obeidallah: A movie or TV show can educate or (mis)educate you

@highlight

Obeidallah: Two new films about hot issues are firing up both the left and right

@highlight

Senators slammed ""Zero Dark Thirty,"" and energy industry attacked ""Promised Land""

@highlight

Obeidallah: What does Hollywood want? To make money, of course"," Obeidallah: A movie or TV show can educate or (mis)educate you; 

Obeidallah: Two new films about hot issues are firing up both the left and right;

Senators slammed ""Zero Dark Thirty,"" and energy industry attacked ""Promised Land"";

Obeidallah: What does Hollywood want? To make money, of course;",772,"['film', 'movie', 'torture', 'thirty', 'land']","[0.475, 0.326, 0.208, 0.148, 0.148]","['promised', 'fracking', 'based']","[0.148, 0.148, 0.119]","['zero dark', 'promised land', 'dark thirty', 'bin laden', 'sony picture']","[0.215, 0.215, 0.215, 0.172, 0.129]",[],[],['zero dark thirty'],[0.236],[],[]
102,"Beijing (CNN) -- Families of Chinese passengers on board missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 have engaged in a rare late-night act of civil disobedience in this tightly-controlled city.

After unsuccessfully demanding a meeting with the Malaysian ambassador at their hotel for more than eight hours, angry relatives pushed past police officers who tried to stop them from making a midnight march across the Chinese capital. Their destination: the Malaysian Embassy.

""The ambassador kept saying he would come but he never showed,"" an elderly man told CNN as he and scores of others walked quietly through Beijing's streets. As has been the practice of many other Chinese passengers' next of kin, the man asked not to publish his name.

""They're lying. They're lying to us,"" the man repeated. ""And now we're going to the embassy. If they won't come to us, we'll go to them.""

The surreal late-night procession was followed closely by police squad cars.

Around midnight, more than one hundred relatives staged a pre-dawn sit-in outside the embassy gates.

Though vastly out-numbered by Chinese security forces, the family members continued their stubborn vigil throughout the morning. They remained camped out by the diplomatic mission more than 15 hours later.

Periodically, they chanted ""Fulfill your commitments! No more delays! No more lies!"" Throughout the sit-in, no Malaysian diplomat came out to meet with protesters.

The demonstrators finally dispersed peacefully before sunset on Friday, after camping out by the diplomatic mission for more than 17 hours.

The small gathering departed after delivering a letter of protest to the embassy demanding an explanation for how the prime minister of Malaysia has concluded that the plane ended its flight over the Indian Ocean.

Broken promises

For weeks, distraught next of kin have requested face-to-face meetings with Malaysian officials. They are demanding a briefing on details of the last moments before Flight 370 was believed to have disappeared over the Indian Ocean. In the absence of information from Malaysian authorities, many relatives continue to believe their missing loved ones are still alive.

On several occasions within the last two weeks, Malaysian officials in Beijing and Kuala Lumpur publicly pledged to meet the Chinese families within a matter of 24 hours, but then failed to show up for talks.

""We just want them to stop breaking their promises again and again,"" said Steven Wang, a spokesman for the families, whose mother went missing when the Boeing 777 disappeared on March 8.

He spoke to CNN in a ""journalist's area"" located out of sight of the Malaysian Embassy protest. Even at the early hour of 1 a.m. on Friday, Chinese police had cordoned off an area for media around the corner from the sit-in. During the day, security forces continued to prevent journalists from reaching the families.

Public protests are extremely rare in China. The Malaysia Airlines crisis, which has involved the highly emotional disappearance of 153 Chinese nationals who were on board the plane, has put Chinese authorities in an uncomfortable position.

The Chinese government has tolerated -- but stopped far short of endorsing -- the political mobilization of the flight's next of kin. Families have organized committees, issued press releases, and printed t-shirts and hats with the slogan ""Pray for MH370."" But they have also been largely prevented from organizing public displays outside the windowless hotel conference room that serves as the families' improvised headquarters.

On Friday a spokesperson for the Chinese foreign ministry, Qin Gang, called on the families protesting outside the embassy to ""express their appeals in a legal and rational way"" while pledging to give them further assistance. He urged the Malaysian authorities to ""actively"" pursue the investigation.

EXCLUSIVE: Malaysia to release MH370 report, Prime Minister tells CNN","NEW: China appeals to protesters to express concerns in ""legal and rational way""; MH370 families hold sit-in outside the Malaysian Embassy in Beijing;
Relatives marched from their hotel after request to meet Malaysian ambassador failed;
More than once in recent weeks Malaysian authorities have not shown up for talks with relatives",599,"['malaysian', 'family', 'embassy', 'hour', 'malaysia']","[0.308, 0.261, 0.231, 0.163, 0.154]","['missing', 'demanding']","[0.115, 0.115]","['next kin', 'prime minister', 'outside embassy', 'mission hour', 'meeting malaysian']","[0.154, 0.103, 0.103, 0.103, 0.103]",[],[],['diplomatic mission hour'],[0.106],[],[]
103,"Washington (CNN)The Biden administration is expected to name Kim Wyman, a Republican secretary of state who challenged former President Donald Trump's false claims of election fraud, to lead the Department of Homeland Security's efforts to protect future elections from foreign and domestic interference, multiple people familiar with the matter tell CNN.

The move would put Wyman in a prominent role working with election officials across the country at a time when many members of her party have baselessly cast doubt on the integrity of elections.
Federal officials have for weeks been in talks with Wyman, who is Washington state's secretary of state, to serve as the election security lead for DHS' Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, said the people, who spoke on the condition of anonymity. The sources said Wyman's selection would not be official until all administrative paperwork is cleared with the White House and the administration announces her appointment.
As a Republican secretary of state, Wyman repeatedly refuted Trump's false assertions that mail-in ballots invite fraud. Trump's proclamations, she said, were undermining US democracy. And in a May interview with CNN's ""New Day,"" Wyman sharply criticized the sham ""audit"" of 2020 election results commissioned by Arizona Republicans.""The precedence of this is just unnerving for election officials across the country, and it should alarm every American in the country,"" Wyman said.
Wyman would be a federal liaison to state and local officials as they look for resources and support to protect election infrastructure from hacking and voters from disinformation campaigns. She has experience to draw on: She spent nearly a decade as the elections director for Thurston County, Washington, before being elected secretary of state.
The Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency declined to comment and Wyman's office did not respond to a request for comment.
A spokesperson for the White House National Security Council referred questions to the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency.
During the 2020 election, officials at the agency used a public website and an active Twitter account to debunk Trump's false claims of widespread election fraud. The fact-checking prompted Trump to fire the agency's then-director, Christopher Krebs, by tweet.
The 2020 election also saw suspected Iranian and Russian hackers access some voter registration data, according to US officials. But the activity did not affect the integrity of the vote, which election officials called ""the most secure in American history.""
DHS ramped up its election security efforts after the 2016 election, when Russian government-backed hackers probed state IT systems across the US and accessed voter registration data in Illinois. Krebs and his election-security lead, Matthew Masterson, won plaudits from state and local officials of both parties for forging closer cooperation after an atmosphere of mistrust in 2016.
Jen Easterly, the agency's current director, has said it will continue its efforts to combat voting-related disinformation.
""We work with election officials of all parties, and we have to be seen as supporting them and supporting the security of their elections, and not to be seen as doing anything that may be interpreted as partisan,"" Easterly told CNN in August.
Krebs told CNN on Monday that he was ""really impressed"" by the choice of Wyman to lead the agency's election security efforts.
""Kim doesn't see R or D, red or blue,"" Krebs said. ""She's committed to delivering democracy for the nation. Everyone wins here.""
If officially named, Wyman will have her work cut out for her.
Since Trump's defeat last November, election officials of both parties have faced a torrent of mis- and disinformation from Trump allies that election experts warn is a threat to US democracy. The FBI has in recent months stepped up its efforts to investigate the threats to state and local officials, CNN reported in September.
In a recent paper published by Stanford University, Masterson and other election security experts warned that the threats could prompt election officials to leave the profession when they are needed most.
""Influence agents are emboldened by 2020, while defenders of election integrity are under-resourced and uncoordinated, leaving them vulnerable to repeated tactics,"" the paper reads.
This story has been updated with comment from Christopher Krebs, former director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency.",,676,"['election', 'official', 'wyman', 'agency', 'security']","[0.524, 0.284, 0.27, 0.197, 0.193]",[],[],"['election security', 'official party', 'security agency', 'secretary state', 'infrastructure security']","[0.168, 0.135, 0.134, 0.134, 0.134]",[],[],"['infrastructure security agency', 'cybersecurity infrastructure security']","[0.144, 0.144]",[],[]
104,"Washington Secretary of State Kim Wyman is expected to be named to a key election-security position in the Biden administration, according to a report by CNN.

Wyman, a Republican, is set to be appointed to lead the Department of Homeland Security’s efforts to protect elections from foreign and domestic interference, CNN reported, citing anonymous sources.

Wyman’s office did not immediately dispute the CNN report.

“The Office of the Secretary of State cannot confirm the information included in the CNN article,” Wyman spokesperson Kylee Zabel said in an email.

Wyman didn’t respond to interview requests, and Zabel said she would not be available on Monday. Potential appointees in presidential administrations are often told not to talk until their role is formally announced.

If she does take the new position, Wyman would be charged with leading election-security efforts at DHS’s Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, CNN reported, saying the appointment would not be official until White House paperwork is completed.

The White House did not respond to a request for comment.The reported appointment would put Wyman, a nationally regarded expert on mail-in balloting and security, in a position working with elections officials across the U.S. at a time when many of her fellow Republicans have followed former President Donald Trump in fanning baseless conspiracy theories about the 2020 election.

Wyman has pushed back forcibly against such fraud claims, publicly criticizing the recent “audit” of votes in Arizona’s Maricopa County as “political theater.” She has defended mail balloting as secure and rejected claims by Washington’s 2020 GOP gubernatorial candidate Loren Culp, who filed a lawsuit alleging fraud but dropped it after his attorney was threatened with legal sanctions.

Wyman served as Thurston County auditor for a decade before winning election as Secretary of State in 2012. She was reelected in 2016 and 2020. She is the sole remaining Republican to hold statewide office in Washington.

Her departure could give Democrats a leg up at claiming the secretary of state office that has eluded them for decades.

Upon Wyman’s resignation, a temporary successor would be named by Gov. Jay Inslee, a Democrat.

That appointee would serve until the next general election in November 2022, according to Inslee deputy general counsel Taylor Wonhoff, who cited a 2013 legal memo from the state attorney general’s office.

The winning candidate in the 2022 election would serve out the remainder of Wyman’s term through 2024.",,385,"['wyman', 'election', 'office', 'state', 'security']","[0.453, 0.293, 0.236, 0.165, 0.135]","['winning', 'reported']","[0.111, 0.11]","['secretary state', 'zabel said', 'security position', 'appointment would', 'would serve']","[0.191, 0.128, 0.128, 0.128, 0.109]","['mail balloting', 'cnn reported']","[0.128, 0.109]",[],[],[],[]
105,"WASHINGTON — A Republican secretary of state who challenged former President Donald Trump's false claims of election fraud in 2020 is the front-runner for a job heading the Biden administration's effort to protect future elections, according to people familiar with the discussions.

Kim Wyman, 59, has led elections in Washington state for years, and she was reelected to a third term in November — the lone statewide-elected Republican on the West Coast. She is in talks to serve as the election security leader for the Department of Homeland Security's Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, the agency responsible for safeguarding U.S. elections, the people told The Associated Press. The people had knowledge of the discussions but weren't authorized to speak publicly and spoke to AP on condition of anonymity.

Wyman would serve as the government’s liaison to the states, a job that was high profile before 2020, and will only be more so following Trump’s false claims about the 2020 election he lost to Joe Biden, and the embracing of those false claims by other members of the GOP. Trump and his allies made — and still make — false assertions that there was rampant election fraud in 2020, despite evidence to the contrary. Former Attorney General William Barr told AP there was no sign of widespread fraud. As Trump railed over the election, leaders of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency stated publicly that it was the safest election in history. One was fired by Trump shortly after.

Scores of lawsuits filed by Trump and his allies over claims of possible election fraud were dismissed by the courts, including by Trump-appointed federal judges.

Still, millions of Americans believe the 2020 election was stolen from Trump. That misinformation prompted thousands to storm the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 6 in a violent but failed effort to stop the certification of Biden's win.

The discussions involving Wyman were first reported by CNN. The White House declined to comment and the Department of Homeland Security didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. Wyman did not respond to a text message Monday, and her spokeswoman said they could not comment on the details of the story.

Last October, Wyman published the book “Elections 2020: Controlling Chaos: How Foreign Interference, a Global Pandemic, and Political Polarization Threaten U.S. Democracy.”

She was a constant presence on national networks in the weeks leading up to the 2020 election, extolling the safety and security of the vote-by-mail system in her state, a process in place there for years. She disputed Trump's claims that mail-in voting was fraudulent. In interviews with AP before the 2020 election, Wyman said she was “an elections administrator first and foremost.”

“If the president wants to rant and rave about how insecure vote by mail is or how our elections are going to be rigged, then I’m going to talk about the security measures that Washington state put in place,” she told AP in September 2020. “And I’m going to spend my time talking about the facts, and no, I’m not going to get mired down in some sort of political debate and posturing.”

Before the state’s 12 members of the Electoral College cast their votes for Biden in Olympia, Washington, in December, Wyman got emotional while talking to them about the vote they were about to take.

“While some people continue to question the outcome of this election, average citizens from all walks of life will step up today to exercise their responsibility to perform their constitutional duty to the best of their ability,” she said. “This is an important ceremony. This is the American way of governance. This is democracy in action.”

Wyman has never shied away from the fact that she’s a Republican, but has said she believes she’s approached the job in a nonpartisan way.

“It’s how you do the work every day, and my job is to inspire confidence in every voter no matter if they are a staunch Democrat or a hardcore Republican,” she said last year.
",,657,"['election', 'trump', 'wyman', 'ap', 'state']","[0.474, 0.282, 0.251, 0.169, 0.15]","['going', 'said']","[0.112, 0.103]","['false claim', 'election fraud', 'vote mail', 'told ap', 'republican said']","[0.136, 0.136, 0.106, 0.106, 0.106]",[],[],[],[],[],[]
106,"United Nations (CNN) -- The U.N. Security Council approved a resolution Monday to send 4,200 peacekeepers to Abyei, Sudan, as part of a recent agreement between Sudan and Southern Sudan.

The resolution will establish, for six months, the United Nations Interim Security Force for Abyei (UNISFA), comprising ""a maximum of 4,200 military personnel, 50 police personnel, and appropriate civilian support,"" the resolution states.

It passed the council unanimously, 15-0.

In a statement released by the State Department, Secretary Hiliary Clinton commended the swift passage of the resolution.

""Abyei has been a source of regional tension for many years,"" the statement said. ""We urge the parties to reach an immediate cease-fire and to provide aid workers with the unfettered access required to deliver humanitarian assistance to innocent civilians affected by the conflict.""

A week ago, the Sudanese government and the Sudan People's Liberation Movement signed an agreement to allow peacekeepers in Abyei, aimed at ending strife that has ravaged much of the country.  The two sides agreed in principle on the need for a third party to monitor the ill-defined border between north and south before the scheduled July 9 independence for the south.

The U.N. peacekeepers will ""monitor and verify the redeployment of any Sudan Armed Forces, Sudan People's Liberation Army or its successor"" from the Abyei area, among other tasks, the Security Council resolution states.","New: Clinton commends the swift passage of the U.N. resolution;
The resolutions establishes a six-month security force at Abyei, Sudan;
The two sides signed an agreement last week allowing peacekeepers;
South Sudan is to gain independence July 9;",221,"['sudan', 'resolution', 'abyei', 'peacekeeper', 'council']","[0.41, 0.342, 0.342, 0.205, 0.174]",[],[],"['united nation', 'sudan people', 'resolution state', 'people liberation', 'peacekeeper abyei']","[0.166, 0.166, 0.166, 0.166, 0.166]",[],[],['sudan people liberation'],[0.171],[],[]
107,"A bipartisan group of women senators waded into the ongoing drama over the NFL, Ray Rice and domestic violence.

They sent a letter to NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell calling on the football league to institute a ""real zero-tolerance policy"" in such cases.

The 16 signatories wrote that they were ""shocked and disgusted"" by the in-elevator video that surfaced of Ray Rice punching his then-fianceé in an elevator, and they pointed to the allegation that the NFL had possession of the video, which became public Monday, when it handed down its original lenient two-game suspension.

""The NFL's current policy sends a terrible message to players, fans and all Americans that even after committing a horrific act of violence, you can quickly be back on the field,"" the senators wrote.

The NFL recently changed its domestic violence punishment to a minimum suspension of six games for a first offense and a lifetime time ban for a second offense.

""If you violently assault a woman, you shouldn't get a second chance to play football in the NFL,"" the senators wrote.

Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Connecticut, recently told CNN that he would not ""rule out"" congressional action to force the NFL's hand on domestic abuse.

Key events in the Ray Rice episode

Ex-FBI director to investigate Ray Rice case","16 female senators send letter to NFL commissioner;
They demand the NFL not give domestic abusers a second chance",206,"['nfl', 'rice', 'ray', 'violence', 'senator']","[0.486, 0.278, 0.278, 0.208, 0.177]",['wrote'],[0.177],"['ray rice', 'senator wrote', 'domestic violence']","[0.337, 0.168, 0.168]",[],[],[],[],[],[]
108,"WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The White House Wednesday said it was ""puzzled"" by a former spokesman's memoir in which he accuses the Bush administration of being mired in propaganda and political spin and at times playing loose with the truth.

Former White House spokesman Scott McClellan blasts President Bush and advisers in a new book.

In excerpts from a 341-page book to be released Monday, Scott McClellan writes on the war in Iraq that Bush ""and his advisers confused the propaganda campaign with the high level of candor and honesty so fundamentally needed to build and then sustain public support during a time of war.""

""[I]n this regard, he was terribly ill-served by his top advisers, especially those involved directly in national security,"" McClellan wrote.

White House spokeswoman Dana Perino called McClellan's description of his time at the White House ""sad.""  Read excerpts from the book »

""Scott, we now know, is disgruntled about his experience at the White House,"" Perino said. ""For those of us who fully supported him, before, during and after he was press secretary, we are puzzled. It is sad. This is not the Scott we knew.""

McClellan's former White House colleagues had harsher reactions to McClellan's book.

Frances Townsend, former Homeland Security adviser to Bush, said advisers to the president should speak up when they have policy concerns.

""Scott never did that on any of these issues as best I can remember or as best as I know from any of my White House colleagues,"" said Townsend, now a CNN contributor. ""For him to do this now strikes me as self-serving, disingenuous and unprofessional.""

Fox News contributor and former White House adviser Karl Rove said on that network Tuesday that the excerpts from the book he's read sound more like they were written by a ""left-wing blogger"" than his former colleague.

Rove declined to comment to CNN after the Fox News interview.

In a brief phone conversation with CNN Tuesday evening, McClellan made clear that he stands behind the accuracy of his book. McClellan said he cannot give on-the-record quotes yet because of an agreement with his publisher.  Watch further details emerge from McClellan's book »

Another former Bush aide-turned-critic says the reaction to McClellan's book by his former colleagues has a familiar ring to it.

""They're saying some of the exact same things about McClellan they said about me,"" Richard Clarke, the former White House counterterrorism chief, told CNN.

Clarke left government in 2003. The following year, he accused President Bush of ignoring warnings about the September 11, 2001, attacks on New York and Washington and of using the attacks to push for war with Iraq.

But Clarke gave McClellan little credit for speaking out now.

""I think the difference with McClellan's book is he's now telling us something we all know -- that the war with Iraq was a disastrous war [and] was sold with deception. It's a little different when you say something as I did and a few other people did four or five years ago, when the war was popular and when we were unpopular for saying what we said.""

Besides his criticism of how the administration handled the run-up to the Iraq war, McClellan also sharply criticizes the administration on its handling of Hurricane Katrina and its aftermath in the book.

""One of the worst disasters in our nation's history became one of the biggest disasters in Bush's presidency,"" he wrote. ""Katrina and the botched federal response to it would largely come to define Bush's second term.""

Early in the book, which CNN obtained late Tuesday, McClellan wrote that he believes he told untruths on Bush's behalf in the case of CIA agent Valerie Plame, whose identity was leaked to the media.

Rove and fellow White House advisers Elliot Abrams and I. Lewis ""Scooter"" Libby were accused of leaking the name of Plame -- whose husband, former U.S. ambassador Joseph Wilson, had gone public with charges the Bush administration had ""twisted"" facts to justify the war in Iraq.

Libby was convicted last year of lying to a grand jury and federal agents investigating the leak. Bush commuted his 30-month prison term, calling it excessive. At the time, McClellan called the three ""good individuals"" and said he spoke to them before telling reporters they were not involved.

""I had allowed myself to be deceived into unknowingly passing along a falsehood,"" he wrote. ""It would ultimately prove fatal to my ability to serve the president effectively.""

McClellan wrote he didn't realize what he said was untrue until reporters began digging up details of the case almost two years later.

A former spokesman for Bush when he was governor of Texas, McClellan was named White House press secretary in 2003, replacing Ari Fleischer. McClellan had previously been a deputy press secretary and was the traveling spokesman for the Bush campaign during the 2000 election.

He announced he was resigning in April 2006 at a news conference with Bush.

""One of these days, he and I are going to be rocking in chairs in Texas talking about the good old days of his time as the press secretary,"" Bush said at that conference. ""And I can assure you, I will feel the same way then that I feel now, that I can say to Scott, job well done.""

CNN's Ed Henry contributed to this report.","NEW: ""This is not the Scott we knew,"" White House spokeswoman says;

NEW: Former colleague calls Bush ex-aide's book ""self-serving"" and ""disingenuous"";

Scott McClellan's coming book is harsh on President Bush and his advisers;
Book: Bush ""confused the propaganda campaign"" with honesty",866,"['mcclellan', 'bush', 'book', 'war', 'adviser']","[0.497, 0.392, 0.244, 0.209, 0.183]","['said', 'wrote']","[0.14, 0.111]","['white house', 'war iraq', 'mcclellan book', 'former white', 'mcclellan wrote']","[0.296, 0.163, 0.163, 0.163, 0.122]",[],[],['former white house'],[0.179],[],[]
109,"Twitter is on the verge of its initial public offering and everyone's knickers have been in a knot all week over the company's lack of management diversity -- that is, women. As The New York Times put it last week, ""The board? All white men. The investors? All men. The executive officers? All men but for the general counsel, Vijaya Gadde, who has had the job for five weeks.""

Question: Why is this a problem?

First, there aren't enough women at Twitter or in the tech world because there aren't enough women anywhere.

Some facts: Women make up 6% of chief executives at the leading 100 tech companies, and that has taken years to accomplish. Most startups have all-male boards. In 2012 women held 16.6% of Fortune 500 board seats. Women of color were 3.3% of the total. Fully one-tenth had no women serving on their boards at all. In the past five years, women and minorities have lost ground despite evidence strongly suggesting that gender parity and board diversity have positive effects on profitability.

Twitter had more than a year to prepare for this IPO: Where are the women? The company's immediate response  focused on a ""paucity of candidates."" The tech industry has a well-documented pipeline problem, one largely the result of gender stereotypes that reach into the educational system.

However, companies regularly draw executives from outside their own industries -- sometimes, yes, even women -- when seeking senior-level and board positions. It enables them to cross-pollinate ideas, diversify their expertise and innovate. For example, Apple has hired Burberry CEO Angela Ahrendts. During her tenure at Burberry, the company doubled its revenues and tripled its share price. Companies redefine ""pipeline"" every day -- particularly when profits are involved.

The technology sector dresses itself up as progressive when in reality it shows every indication of being, at its core, powerfully retrograde. Despite investing in diversity programs, the management of tech firms is distinctly not diverse, and indeed the industry continues to ""dazzle"" with incidents in which men gleefully display their not even implicit biases. Last month's Titshare debacle (click and weep), as well as Business Insider's long-overdue firing of CTO Pax Dickinson (who'd for years been churning out such sexist, racist, tweets as ""Jesus gets raped by a pack of n****s. It's his own fault for dressing like a whore though"") are two recent examples.

Second, sexism is seamlessly coupled with the distribution of capital.

Bryan Goldberg's September launch of Bustle, a ""women's centric"" website (""world news and politics alongside beauty tips"") was a blunt force case in point. After announcing the site with a tone-deaf post, Goldberg was widely mocked for his personal failure to grasp, among other things, how ridiculous his claim to be starting the ""first site of its kind"" for women was. The real issue isn't Goldberg's cluelessness, but the institutional biases that enabled him to raise $6.5 million when far more able, knowledgeable and experienced women can't.

Companies with at least one woman founder make up only 13% of those funded. Venture capitalists are less likely to invest in startups if there are women involved in their management; investors actively reduce holdings in companies that appoint female directors. These are particular ironies since women-run startups use 40% less capital to launch. These facts don't reflect women lacking in confidence ideas. They illustrate discrimination, whether it is conscious or not.

Third, while we think of Twitter as a tech company, it is a media company and part of a larger environment that does little to correct its failure at diversity. Year after year, studies such as one last week from the Directors Guild of America, as well as reports from Who Makes the News and the Women's Media Center Status on Women in Media document exactly how distorted mainstream media ownership, management and production remain. Only online is the situation improving. But even there the difference is largely gains in women-oriented ""pink-collar"" content.

How can we separate these facts from ownership? We can't. As reported by the Federal Communications Commission, our media are almost entirely owned and managed by white men.

Lastly, what does this have to do with speech? Everything. Male experiences, interests, expectations and voices, mainly white, inform the way we think, decide how our resources are dispersed and define our norms. The ghettoized status of women and minorities in media and technology, coupled with the lack of venture capital investments, means that our attempts to express ourselves are limited, misrepresented and regularly repackaged to make what we say palatable to a sexist status quo.

And this status quo is entirely uninterested in the idea of women as capable, autonomous leaders who might change norms in unsettling, risky ways. Stating these facts baldly is not an indictment of white men as individuals. It is a description of systemic problems that we refuse to confront with systemic solutions.

The presence of a carefully selected handful of women in tech, regardless of how determined, able and prominently visible they are, has for decades done little to alter the makeup of management and ownership.  Gender diversity at Twitter, as elsewhere, isn't a priority because people make reasonable decisions about what they believe will be profitable and successful: Twitter is looking for experience and expertise within a comfort zone.

""This to me is not a gender issue, it's an innovation issue,"" Twitter CEO Dick Costolo has explained. Gender issues aren't innovation issues only if your gender is dominant and the norm. This rationale, and others like it, are exactly the kind of ""1,000 paper cuts"" marginalization that result in fewer women pursuing  tech careers to begin with.

Twitter is one part of a male dominated social structure, economy and culture, all of which rely on cradle-to-grave sexism to be profitable. That's tweetable by the way.","Soraya Chemaly: Twitter, on verge of IPO, is under fire with leadership that's virtually all men;
She says it reflects larger dearth of women in tech, media fields -- 6% of tech CEOs are women;
She says sexism abounds in male-dominated field and guides investment, leaving women out;
Chemaly: Controlling women's access makes men keepers of speech, keeps sexist status quo;",954,"['woman', 'company', 'tech', 'twitter', 'men']","[0.56, 0.233, 0.192, 0.187, 0.165]",['make'],[0.102],['white men'],[0.126],[],[],[],[],[],[]
110,"(CNN) -- The man suspected of trying to attack the Dutch royal family by crashing his car near their bus has died, Dutch police said Friday.

A car is pictured after crashing into the crowd waiting for the visit of the royal family in Apeldoorn.

The man, whose name was not released, had been seriously injured in the crash Thursday in the town of Apeldoorn, about 45 miles east of Amsterdam, police said. He died early Friday, police said.

He had been charged with trying to attack the royal family, authorities said. Were you there? Send us your video, images

Police searched the man's house but found no weapons, explosives, ""or any other clues that could lead to the involvement of other people,"" police said.

Five people, as well as the driver, were killed and 12 were wounded in the incident, which happened during the country's annual Queen's Day celebration, police said.

Crowds had lined the streets to see Queen Beatrix and her family ride by in an open-top bus during the Netherlands' annual holiday.  See who the Dutch royal family are »

As the bus moved along, a black hatchback zoomed past it. The crowds were behind barriers off the road, but security officials and journalists, including many cameramen, were in the road as the car went by.

The car crashed into the low metal railing around a column on the side of the road. The vehicle appeared heavily damaged even before the crash, but the reason for that was unclear.

There was no one other than the driver in the car at the time, police spokeswoman Esther Naber said.

Members of the royal family saw the crash and gasped, then quickly sat down as the bus continued driving.

The attack caused outrage in the Netherlands, newspapers Friday widely expressing disbelief and suggesting the monarchy would have to change.

""Queens Day will never be the same,"" the Trouw newspaper said. ""The Netherlands always has been proud of their no nonsense royal family. With this comes a Queen who not only cycles a bike, but also mixes with people without obvious security measurements. Is that still possible now the royal family has been the target of an attack?""

The Algemeen Dagblad newspaper agreed.

""""What is going to happen on the 30th of April next year? And will we continue to see the members of the royal family cycling through the canals of Amsterdam or hunting for bargains in the Bijenkorf in The Hague?""

Queen's Day is a national holiday in the Netherlands, the Netherlands Antilles, and Aruba. The tradition started in 1885 and celebrates the birthday of the queen.

Although Queen Beatrix's birthday is January 31, she officially celebrates her birthday April 30, according to the Dutch government.

Queen's Day is known for its free market all over the country, where anybody is allowed to sell things in the streets. Other activities include children's games and musical performances.

The day is marked with the color orange all over the country as a reference to the colors of the royal family, who come from the House of Orange-Nassau.

Emmy Dexel contributed to this report.","Incident happened during the Netherlands annual Queen's Day celebration;
Car hit crowd near open-top bus carrying Queen Beatrix of Netherlands;
Police: No other clues that could lead to the involvement of other people;
Police: There was no one other than the driver in the car at the time",505,"['royal', 'family', 'queen', 'police', 'netherlands']","[0.366, 0.346, 0.325, 0.212, 0.203]",['said'],[0.159],"['police said', 'queen day', 'trying attack', 'queen beatrix', 'member royal']","[0.251, 0.201, 0.101, 0.101, 0.101]",[],[],['royal family come'],[0.118],[],[]
