stories_id,publish_date,title,url,language,ap_syndicated,themes,media_id,media_name,media_url,text,word_count,NN_keywords_single_word,NN_scores_single_word,VB_keywords_single_word,VB_scores_single_word,NN_keywords_bi_gram,NN_scores_bi_gram,VB_keywords_bi_gram,VB_scores_bi_gram,NN_keywords_tri_gram,NN_scores_tri_gram,VB_keywords_tri_gram,VB_scores_tri_gram
1879775290,2021-03-23 01:00:19,Live with Eugene Robinson (March 23 | 1 p.m. ET),https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2021/03/23/live-chat-opinions-eugene-robinson/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_opinions,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"Columnist Eugene Robinson is online every Tuesday for his live discussion, Opinions Live with Eugene Robinson, where he’ll talk about the latest political and cultural developments. Read the transcript of the chat below. The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",50,harris,0.426,carrying,0.16,williams said,0.404,[[...]],[[...]],via getty image,0.413,[[...]],[[...]]
1881497014,2021-03-23 11:00:31,Petri Dishes with Alexandra Petri (March 23 | 11 a.m. ET),https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2021/03/23/live-chat-alexandra-petri/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_opinions,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"Humor columnist Alexandra Petri is online every Tuesday for her live discussion, Petri Dishes, where she’ll offer a lighter take on the news of the day. Read the transcript of the chat below. The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",50,weapon,0.228,kidnapped,0.104,,,,,,,,
1885873415,2021-03-23 00:15:09,I Am Genuinely Curious If You Like This Person Or Not,https://www.buzzfeed.com/mjs538/popularity-polls-for-celebs,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,A completely random list of people I want your opinion on. BuzzFeed Staff Keep up with the latest daily buzz with the BuzzFeed Daily newsletter! ,26,lubbock,0.226,aggravated,0.104,,,,,,,,
1885873395,2021-03-23 00:01:04,34 Products That’ll Help Make Your Life Feel A Little More Manageable,https://www.buzzfeed.com/samanthawieder/products-make-life-more-manageable,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"Just here to help make life easier. BuzzFeed Staff We hope you love the products we recommend! All of them were independently selected by our editors. Just so you know, BuzzFeed may collect a share of sales or other compensation from the links on this page if you decide to shop from them. Oh, and FYI — prices are accurate and items in stock as of time of publication. These versatile shapers can be customized to fit ankle, calf, and knee-high boots!  It's recommended to change the spikes every 30 days during the spring and summer months! You'll receive seven silicone stretch lids ranging from sizes 2.8"" to 9.1"" diameters, plus a large bonus party bowl lid! These are free of BPA, lead, plastic, and phthalates. Plus, they're dishwasher- and freezer-safe! Includes seven portable trays — one for each day of the week, divided into four sections: morning, noon, evening, and bedtime. This can be adjusted and swivel as needed to get your desired angles. Plus, it features a universal design with pretty much all hair dryer sizes and shapes in mind! I recently tried Home Chef for the first time and I absolutely loved it! The whole process from signing up, to picking my meals, to cooking them was seamless and fun. I got three meals (two servings per meal) that came out to be six nights worth of dinner. The ingredients were so fresh, the instructions were incredibly simple, and the finish product was DELICIOUS. I also found the portion sizes to be really generous! My favorite thing about Home Chef is the ability to customize your dish when selecting your meals. If a dish contains something like fish, beef, tofu, etc. that you don't like to can't eat, Home Chef gives you the flexibility to sub it out for another protein, usually at no extra cost. If you're looking for an accommodating, easy, and yummy meal kit, Home Chef is truly an excellent option!  Vacuum uses iAdapt 2.0 Navigation and vSLAM technology so the robot can map its surroundings around your home. It has a three-stage cleaning system that loosens, lifts, and suctions dirt, dust, and pet hair. It can clean under beds, sofas, and a variety of hard-to-reach areas. Its high-efficiency filter can catch about 99% of allergens, pollen, and dust. This vacuum can connect to Wi-Fi, and works well on both carpets and hard floors. Features cutlery icons for easy identification. They recommend to wash and dry this by hand! This holds 48 bottles and is double-sided, so you can always see your nail polish colors in front of you! These dividers use water-based, not chemical-based adhesive. This can hold up to five pans with vertical installation and four pans with horizontal installation. Reviews have been edited for length and/or clarity. ",469,vehicle,0.209,exited,0.101,,,,,,,,
1885897538,2021-03-23 00:31:53,"Apparently The Avengers Don't Get Paid, And It's Sparked A Debate On Marvel Twitter",https://www.buzzfeed.com/kellymartinez/avengers-paycheck-debate-tweets,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"I have a lot of questions and I'm too afraid to ask. BuzzFeed Staff The fact that the Avengers didn’t even get paid for saving the world I’m- 
#FalconAndWinterSoldier This is what Tony Stark paid the Avengers Can't believe all the Avengers were unpaid interns. Smh Tony Stark remains a villain even in death. 😔 @BlessingJr Nick Fury and Tony Stark anytime they overheard an Avenger talking about their financial problems tony stark a real billionaire bc none of his co-workers ever got paid they should've unionized wait they don't pay the avengers??? not even a 401k???? I-- Bro Tony Stark had the avengers in a 360 deal LMFAOOOOOO WHY are people acting like it was Tony Stark’s job to pay the avengers? They didn’t work for him. He wasn’t even in charge of the team. He built them all tech, built them the avengers compound and hosted them for free. Blame SHIELD or something instead smh The MCU Stans are trying to cancel Tony Stark because he didn't pay the members of the Avengers even though..

1. He wasn't the leader, Cap was
2. He literally gave them all a home in a massive complex at Avengers HQ
3. He designs and builds their tech and weapon's. Tony Stark built technology for the avengers, gave them a home, and also treated them like family. There should not be any hate coming at Tony, saying how he should have paid them, when really that’s the government’s fault. This scene says it all 👇 Sam Wilson was dead for 5 years. Tony Stark died the day Sam Wilson came back to life.
How in the world are Sam’s financial problems caused by Tony? Organizations Tony Stark personally funded:

- Maria Stark Foundation 
- September Foundation
- Stark Relief Fund
- the Avengers when the team was still together. Personally built their tech, gave them a home, built them the Compound, paid for Avengers-related battle damages tony antis tony stark pause pause pause... the bank scene was about systemic racism and how even though sam is literally out here saving lives, he's still a black man in america who experiences racism. and you all decided you want to make it about TONY STARK to the point that he was TRENDING???? Get all the best moments in pop culture & entertainment delivered to your inbox. ",386,williams,0.18,believing,0.101,,,,,,,,
1885897529,2021-03-23 00:54:42,Lizzo Is Auditioning Full Figured Models For A New TV Series And Dancers — It's Your Time To Shine,https://www.buzzfeed.com/andriamoore/lizzo-amazon-model-dancer-tv-show,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"""Got the juice?"" BuzzFeed Staff Guess we'll have to wait for more details! Keep up with the latest daily buzz with the BuzzFeed Daily newsletter! ",26,"['harris', 'weapon', 'lubbock', 'vehicle', 'williams', [...]]","[0.426, 0.228, 0.226, 0.209, 0.18, [...]]","['carrying', 'kidnapped', 'aggravated', 'exited', 'believing', [...]]","[0.16, 0.104, 0.104, 0.101, 0.101, [...]]",,,,,,,,
1885906436,2021-03-23 01:00:44,Bankers And Regulators Want More Cooperation To Combat Money Laundering,https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/anthonycormier/fincen-files-impact-bankers-regulators-seek-cooperation,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"Spurred by the FinCEN Files, the financial industry is trying to clean up its act. 
    Posted on March 22, 2021, at 9:00 p.m. ET
     At an online conference entitled “FinCEN Leak: Next Steps for the Financial Industry,” organized by the New York City Bar, banking executives, former regulators, and law enforcement agents said the 2020 release of the FinCEN Files, an investigation into major Western banks that facilitate transactions on behalf of suspected terror organizations, narcotics traffickers, and other financial criminals, was “very bad publicity for the bank industry.” But they also acknowledged that the articles, published in more than 80 countries, forced bankers, regulators, and law enforcement around the globe to reassess their approach to tracking and prosecuting financial crime. “Cultural change, as with anything, is going to be extremely difficult,” said Terri Quintana, an intelligence research analyst who reviews suspicious financial transactions for the Department of Homeland Security. She pointed out that even when law enforcement and bankers spot questionable transactions, they sometimes fail to take basic follow-up steps to share that information, making criminal activity difficult to stop. The panelists — which included a former federal prosecutor and two former bank regulators — offered concrete suggestions on how to curb the flow of dirty money across the globe. Among them: “clearer” penalties for bank executives who knowingly facilitate money laundering, tax evasion, or other financial crimes; better technology to track transactions; and more back-and-forth between the bank workers looking into suspicious customers and the law enforcement agents building potential criminal cases. The session was the latest example of how the FinCEN Files has roiled the financial industry, provoking lasting impact in the US and overseas. The articles, based on a trove of thousands of closely guarded Treasury Department records, exposed the torrent of dirty money that the world’s most powerful banks transact in plain view of government watchdogs. To publish the FinCEN Files, reporters on six continents sifted through 2,100 suspicious activity reports, known as SARs, from the US Treasury Department’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN). The SARs, submitted primarily by banks and other financial institutions, detailed more than $2 trillion in suspicious transactions around the globe, linking flows of money through huge international banks to terror groups, drug kingpins, and kleptocrats. The 16-month investigation revealed how banks have helped facilitate mass money laundering and how regulators have failed to take steps to clamp down on the financial institutions that allow the illicit earnings of criminals to be laundered. After decades of silence, the banking industry, and lawmakers, have taken notice. “There has fully been a message from Congress that they want — possibly partly in response to the FinCEN Files coverage — increased punishment for [Bank Secrecy Act] violations,” said Robert Kim, a senior legal analyst with Bloomberg Law and a former manager at the Treasury Department’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network on Monday. He pointed, in particular, to the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020, which passed about three months after BuzzFeed News and its partner organizations began publishing their reports. Capitol Hill wasn’t the only place to take notice of the coverage. To combat that problem, the new legislation, which had bipartisan support, requires companies registered in the US to disclose who owns them and who profits from them. Lawmakers cited the BuzzFeed News–ICIJ investigation as a trigger for reforms that had idled in Washington after many years. “The BuzzFeed story makes clear we need to strengthen, reform, and update our nation’s anti–money laundering laws,” Sen. Sherrod Brown, the top Democrat on the Senate Banking Committee said in December. “This action is long overdue.” Despite all the progress among lawmakers, little will change, Quintana said Monday, until bankers and law enforcement rethink the ways that they work together. For instance, federal agents rarely provide bankers with feedback on their SARs, making it harder for the industry to improve its reporting. Bankers, for their part, can do more to make sure that law enforcement has the most useful information at its fingertips when reviewing SARs. It’s important to keep “that open line of communication between (anti–money laundering departments) and law enforcement,” said Quintana. “Contacting that law enforcement officer proactively when a SAR will be filed. That’s a cultural change within these institutions. There has to be some kind of cooperation so that will happen.” Anthony Cormier is an investigative reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in New York. While working for the Tampa Bay Times, Cormier won the 2016 Pulitzer Prize for Investigative Reporting. Jason Leopold is a senior investigative reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in Los Angeles. He is a 2018 Pulitzer finalist for international reporting, recipient of the IRE 2016 FOI award and a 2016 Newseum Institute National Freedom of Information Hall of Fame inductee. A BuzzFeed News investigation, in partnership with the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, based on thousands of documents the government didn't want you to see. ",827,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885906467,2021-03-23 01:01:08,26 Practical Products From Amazon To Put On Your Wishlist,https://www.buzzfeed.com/julialynnrubin/practical-products-from-amazon,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"BuzzFeed Contributor We hope you love the products we recommend! All of them were independently selected by our editors. Just so you know, BuzzFeed may collect a share of sales or other compensation from the links on this page if you decide to shop from them. Oh, and FYI — prices are accurate and items in stock as of time of publication. Some reviews have been edited for length and/or clarity. ",72,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885906455,2021-03-23 01:15:08,What's Your Disney Aesthetic?,https://www.buzzfeed.com/angelicaamartinez/disney-aesthetic-quiz,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"Are you Villaincore, Princesspop, or something else? 🤔 BuzzFeed Staff Take this quiz with friends in real time and compare results Get all the best moments in pop culture & entertainment delivered to your inbox. ",36,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885924331,2021-03-23 01:28:05,Gwyneth Paltrow Says Life After Her First Oscars Win Was So Intense She Hid At Her Parent's House,https://www.buzzfeed.com/alexgurley/gwyneth-paltrow-hid-after-oscars,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"""It was so intense."" BuzzFeed Contributor ""I remember winning and feeling like the tide sort of turned, and there was this feeling of when you have that much attention on you and that much energy, it was really, really overwhelming,"" she said. ""'Lonely' is the right word; it was really strange,"" Gwyneth concluded. Keep up with the latest daily buzz with the BuzzFeed Daily newsletter! ",66,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885924281,2021-03-23 01:35:00,Sidney Powell Now Argues “No Reasonable Person” Would Believe Her Voter Fraud Lies Were “Fact”,https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/zoetillman/trump-lawyer-sidney-powell-dominion-lawsuit,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"Powell is facing billion-dollar lawsuits after accusing voting technology companies of rigging the election. Reporting From Washington, DC Reporting From Washington, DC 
    Posted on March 22, 2021, at 9:35 p.m. ET
     Sidney Powell at a press conference with Rudy Giuliani and other lawyers for then-president Donald Trump after the election. WASHINGTON — Sidney Powell argued Monday that she couldn’t be sued for defamation for repeatedly promoting false conspiracy theories about the 2020 election being rigged because “no reasonable person would” believe that her comments “were truly statements of fact.” Even if Powell’s statements were presentations of fact that could be proven as true or false, her lawyers wrote, “no reasonable person would conclude that the statements were truly statements of fact.” Powell deflected blame to the Trump supporters who adopted the conspiracy theories and lies that she and other Trump allies pushed and that ultimately fueled the insurrection at the US Capitol on Jan. 6. Her lawyers wrote that she was just presenting her “opinions and legal theories on a matter of utmost public concern,” and that members of the public who were interested were “free” to look at the evidence and make up their own minds or wait to see how the evidence held up in court. Even as Powell tried to distance herself from responsibility for the conspiracy theories she promoted after the election, she also disputed that the statements at issue were, in fact, false. She argued that Dominion was a “public figure” because of its prominent role in the election process, a status that set the bar higher for proving defamation and meant Dominion had to show that she acted with “actual malice.” Powell’s lawyers argued that Dominion couldn’t meet that standard because “she believed the allegations then and she believes them now.” Powell’s lawyers argued that her statements were political speech in support of Trump. Quoting from a court decision in an earlier First Amendment case, they wrote that it was a “well recognized principle that political statements are inherently prone to exaggeration and hyperbole.” They said the fact that Dominion had described her comments as “wild” and “outlandish” only supported the notion that “reasonable people would not accept such statements as fact but view them only as claims that await testing by the courts through the adversary process.” Powell’s lawyers also argued that even if the underlying “evidence” she’d relied on was unreliable or false, she was still entitled to First Amendment protection for citing it in the same vein as journalists who reported information that they learned from sources. “Plaintiffs’ attempts to impugn the various declarations as unreliable, attack the veracity or reliability of various declarants or point to later statements that are arguably inconsistent are beside the point,” Powell’s lawyers wrote. “Lawyers involved in fast-moving litigation concerning matters of transcendent public importance, who rely on sworn declarations, are entitled to no less protection.” Powell’s response to Smartmatic’s defamation lawsuit in state court in Manhattan is due April 8. Smartmatic’s lawsuit also names Fox News, longtime Trump lawyer and ally Rudy Giuliani, and conservative commentators Lou Dobbs, Maria Bartiromo, and Jeanine Pirro as defendants. Dominion has separate lawsuits against Giuliani and Mike Lindell, the My Pillow CEO. Zoe Tillman is a senior legal reporter with BuzzFeed News and is based in Washington, DC. A BuzzFeed News investigation, in partnership with the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, based on thousands of documents the government didn't want you to see. ",584,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885924317,2021-03-23 01:45:08,What Kind Of Vibes Do You Give Off?,https://www.buzzfeed.com/joannaborns/vibes-quiz,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,Hopefully not bad ones. BuzzFeed Contributor Take this quiz with friends in real time and compare results Keep up with the latest daily buzz with the BuzzFeed Daily newsletter! ,30,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885924305,2021-03-23 01:29:13,"Kylie Jenner Said That The Criticism Over Her Sharing A Makeup Artist's GoFundMe Is A ""False Narrative""",https://www.buzzfeed.com/larryfitzmaurice/kylie-jenner-gofundme-makeup-artist-response,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"""I do things from the heart."" BuzzFeed Staff Keep up with the latest daily buzz with the BuzzFeed Daily newsletter! ",21,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885937703,2021-03-23 02:00:21,39 Home Products That'll Also Promote Self-Care,https://www.buzzfeed.com/jonathanmazzei/self-care-home-products,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"It doesn't take much to turn your space into your sanctuary. BuzzFeed Staff We hope you love the products we recommend! All of them were independently selected by our editors. Just so you know, BuzzFeed may collect a share of sales or other compensation from the links on this page if you decide to shop from them. Oh, and FYI — prices are accurate and items in stock as of time of publication. Comes with a five-year warranty. Aurespaces is a business based in Surprise, Arizona that sells custom pet pillows and nature inspired home decor. Plus, it's made from 10 pounds of plastic waste, making it an eco-friendly choice as well! I own this chair, and, as someone with questionable posture who has spent years hunching over various desks, it's something I wish I had a long time ago! For starters, it’s super comfortable, especially with the soft topper. But the real magic is in the way it responds to your body and movements so you have support whether you’re leaning forward or back, making it an ideal desk chair but also great for the dinner table or living room. My lower back is very grateful! I love the modern and stylish design, and the fact that it’s eco-friendly. Plus, it’s super lightweight, easy to carry from room to room, and beyond simple to assemble and disassemble if needed (it took less than five minutes to put it together when it first arrived). I highly recommend this chair to… anyone who sits down! You also don't have to hang it in the shower if there's a different room you feel it would fit better in! BotanicaFleur is a business based in Nashville, Tennessee that sells eucalyptus bundles, wreaths, and more.  Aya Paper Co. is a Black woman-owned small business based in New York that specializes in environmentally friendly paper products made with 100% recycled material, with sourcing information available on each product page.  It'll prevent straining and help with hemorrhoids, constipation, and bloating.  It has 10 fan sounds and 10 ambient noise variations, including white noise, pink noise and brown noise.  You can set the timer for two, four, or eight hours and adjust the fragrance intensity to your personal preference. It includes a Midnight Tranquility fragrance, but refills are available in four calming fragrances. No water is required! It's even small enough to fit under a desk!   Black Gold Luxury Brand is a woman-founded small business dedicated to making high-quality, nontoxic candles and body products.  Mcozylife is a business based in Hong Kong that specializes in home décor, delicate ceramics, and a variety of unique gifts! Plus, these bulbs come with a lot of super cool features! You can set specific times for the bulbs to turn on and off, use their ""sunrise"" and ""sunset"" modes to ease you in and out of the day, sync with your music so the lights change based on the rhythms and dynamics of your favorite songs, AND you can use your camera and photos to select the specific color you want your bulb to match.  Towels By Gus is a family-owned small business based in Sonoma, California that aims to make the experience of shopping for towels, easy, simple, and informative. Their high quality towels are made in the USA, and they'll even send you a free swatch so you can feel them for yourself before buying! This starter kit includes a mix of bright citrus, sweet florals and spicy vanilla, but refills are available in other fragrances as well. No water is required! eLo Vegan Lifestyle is a Black-owned small business based in Brooklyn, New York that offers plant-based, organic, and vegan products. Comma is a small business based in Oceanside, New York whose goal is to make your home feel like a peaceful sanctuary. In order to work toward their mission of spreading this feeling to all, Comma donates 10% of their sales to local organizations that help those dealing with homelessness. Getting a little too hot? Turn the heater off and enjoy the flames and crackling on their own! Some reviews have been edited for length and/or clarity. ",699,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885937699,2021-03-23 02:00:31,34 Deals To Check Out This Week,https://www.buzzfeed.com/austinwilliams/deals-to-check-out-this-week-3-22-21,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"Sales from Anthropologie, Nisolo, Etsy, and more so you can kick spring off with some nice deals. BuzzFeed Staff We hope you love the products we recommend! All of them were independently selected by our editors. Just so you know, BuzzFeed may collect a share of sales or other compensation from the links on this page if you decide to shop from them. Oh, and FYI — prices are accurate and items in stock as of time of publication. The sleep pod is a patented Hug Sleep design that uses gentle compression to apply a calming pressure around your body as you drift to sleep. The discount will be applied once you add the items to your cart.  Use our exclusive code BUZZFEED60. This queer-run, trans-inclusive beauty brand is based in Brooklyn and makes vegan makeup and non-toxic nail polish in smile-worthy colors and glitters. Confetti Boutique is a small woman-owned business from Owensboro, KY! Cara Cara sells discounted items from smaller brands (mostly woman-owned) to help them get exposure and sell off excess inventory. ",177,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885937697,2021-03-23 02:15:08,If You Pass All 12 Of These World Geography Quizzes You Are Truly A Genius,https://www.buzzfeed.com/jamiespain/world-traveler-geography-quizzes,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,Where's Canada again? BuzzFeed Staff Keep up with the latest daily buzz with the BuzzFeed Daily newsletter! ,18,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885937694,2021-03-23 02:19:03,I Can't Stop Thinking About This Ken Burns Quote About His Mom's Death,https://www.buzzfeed.com/andriamoore/ken-burns-quote-about-his-moms-death,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"BRB, I'm crying. BuzzFeed Staff ""I didn't want her to die, but I don't know what I would do without the loss as being the engine of exploration, of confidence, of bravery."" Keep up with the latest daily buzz with the BuzzFeed Daily newsletter! ",45,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885945394,2021-03-23 02:45:08,I Tried 13 Different Sex Positions And Rated Them On A Scale Of 1-10,https://www.buzzfeed.com/stephaniehope/my-fiance-and-i-tried-different-sex-positions,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"Let's talk about sex (positions), baby. BuzzFeed Contributor Basically, lots of sex. I basically googled ""sex positions to try"", found an extensive article, and we both sat down and chose the ones we wanted to try out and see if we liked. This one is a little bit trickier. First, your partner will enter you in the missionary position. Then, they'll slide their chest and legs off your body so their body forms an X with yours, but their pelvis stays in the same location. What in the Kama Sutra is this? It felt like my fiancé was just preparing to helicopter himself off my body into the ceiling. We were like human fidget spinners and I could not stop thinking about grabbing his butt and swinging him around my body like ""Whee!"" In conclusion: It was hard to get into the position correctly for us, and neither of us came. So to nail this position, both of you will stand with your partner behind you. You'll bend at the waist and allow them to enter you. Then, they'll grab both your hands and use that as leverage. Listen, I don't need to stand and deliver anything. I felt like I was going to fall face-first onto the rug, which made me really distracted. It did feel nice when I wasn't thinking, ""If this man drops me, I'm taking his penis with me.""  My partner actually did enjoy this position and it was relatively easy to nail the first time, but I was just way too distracted to achieve orgasm. Get on your hands and feet and have your partner lift you up from the pelvis. Then, grip their waist with your thighs. I should have known a position called ""the wheelbarrow"" would not be the one for me. For one, I had bad wrists, and this was just way too painful. Secondly, I was so focused on not falling, I couldn't even enjoy the position. I will say it added a ton of giggles when we pretended I was an actual wheelbarrow. We were laughing too much to really enjoy this position and it definitely took us a few tries to get into (that is, after laughing hysterically at it). Basically, your partner sits on the edge of a bed or chair and you climb on top, facing them. We have a very tall bed, so this was an incredibly awkward position to get into. My knees were too bent and it didn't allow for much thrusting movement. My fiancé was having a hard time sitting up because of the height of the bed. We tried it on the storage bench next to the bed, but it's still a relatively awkward position. I think we'll definitely try this position again on a different surface because I do believe it has the potential to be great. No satisfaction from either of us for this one, though. Such a classic, isn't it? For this position, you get on all fours and have your partner kneel behind you with their upper body straight up or slightly leaning over you. Ya know...like a humping dog. A great position for deep penetration and it also allows them to reach over from the top for some clit stimulation. It's definitely one in our rotation we enjoy. One thing about it that I don't enjoy is that sometimes it can allow for air to get trapped inside, allowing for the inevitable queef. Nothing sexier than that. We both enjoyed this position, and I was able to achieve orgasm through it. My partner, however, did not. For this position, you lay on your right side, while your partner kneels, straddling your leg. It's definitely a really good position for maximum penetration! However, I do feel a little self-conscious in it because my side boobage situation looks weird when I'm lying on my side. It makes it hard to concentrate when I'm like, ""Why my booby look like that?"" I was not able to achieve orgasm because I was getting a little bit distracted focusing on how I looked rather than how I felt. My partner genuinely enjoys this position and is able to finish easily in this position. Huzzah! Similar to the doggy style position. Except for this one, you will rest your head and arms down on the bed. Honestly, I'll do anything that says I can just chill. All joking aside, I do prefer this position over doggy style, simply because dropping my chest down allows for more G-spot stimulation than the regular ol' doggy. I can achieve orgasm AND it's way more intense than the regular doggy style position is. This one also helps my partner finish because the position is just more open for both of us. Your partner sits on the edge of the bed or a chair and you sit on top of them, facing away. I mean, it's a great position. It gives you the opportunity to bounce on your partner's lap and enough leverage to do it comfortably. However, I kept going into this weird mood where I felt like a founding father sitting on a throne? It just made me laugh so much in between the intimate moments. Neither of us was able to achieve orgasm, but that doesn't mean it's not an amazing position. My thighs got a little fatigued bouncing so I was too focused on that to enjoy the feeling. It just didn't work for my partner for his orgasms. The opposite of cowgirl (duh). You'll straddle your partner as they lie on their back but face their feet instead of their face. Yeehaw, am I right? Cowgirl is always fun, but REVERSE cowgirl? SO fun! You get to experience the penis or strap-on in a different angle, which is very pleasurable, ~and~ they get to watch your booty bounce. It's a win-win situation. A guaranteed orgasm for my partner every time we did it. For me, not so much. I did orgasm a few times we did it but it takes a while for me, and sometimes I needed to add my own stimulation to achieve it. For this position, your partner will be sitting on the bed and you will back yourself into them and spoon each other while seated. Yes, yes, yes! Love this position! It gives perfect access for your partner to touch your body and it just feels so good. Sometimes sex can feel a bit rushed or like it's *just* about the penetration or specific foreplay, but this allowed us to slow down and just be present. Orgasm is achieved beautifully by yours truly with some scrumptious clit stimulation. Love, love, love. For this position, simply lie back and rest your legs on your partner's shoulders. It's like a fancier missionary position and I love it. Bringing your legs up on your partner's shoulder puts you in a position that provides way more G-spot stimulation and they can even play with your parts better, a welcomed activity. We both managed to orgasm simultaneously with this position, which is always a welcomed end result. It's easy for us to get into, as long as I'm stretched out! For this position, your partner sits cross-legged (crisscross applesauce style) on the bed and you sit on their lap facing them. Bonus: Wrap your legs around them for maximum support. I surprisingly really liked this position. It's definitely not meant for thrusting, though. It's more like a tantric position that allows you to get a little bit more intimate with your partner. I felt really close to him with this one, so I'm ranking it high even though it wasn't necessarily about the penetration. I did achieve orgasm surprisingly but it was mostly because of the gyrating on my clit than from any penetration. My partner did not, but he enjoyed being so close to me. You lie facedown with your legs straight and your hips slightly raised. Easy peasy. This is definitely my personal favorite. The position creates a snug fit for your partner's penis or strap-on. Also, you can choose how high or low you want your hips raised. Bonus points if you bounce your booty to help with the thrusting! This is my partner's favorite way to finish and I don't blame him. He gets a great show of my booty bouncing and it just feels so great. I am also able to achieve orgasm in this position, but not every time as I'm focused on pleasuring him more than myself when we're doing this position. ",1428,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885961687,2021-03-23 03:00:17,28 Best-Selling Home And Kitchen Products From Amazon That Are Worth Your Money,https://www.buzzfeed.com/gabriellermoss/best-selling-amazon-home-and-kitchen-products,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"Do you hear that sound? It's the sound of thousands of people, all telling *you* exactly which trash can to buy. BuzzFeed Contributor We hope you love the products we recommend! All of them were independently selected by our editors. Just so you know, BuzzFeed may collect a share of sales or other compensation from the links on this page if you decide to shop from them. Oh, and FYI — prices are accurate and items in stock as of time of publication. The complete set includes an 8-inch chef knife, an 8-inch bread knife, an 8-inch slicing knife, a 7-inch Santoku knife, a 5.5-inch serrated utility knife, and 3.5 inch paring knife, as well as a blade cover for each knife.  2. I can fit all of the pieces back into the box when I’m done using it 3. It’s easy to clean by using the cleaning tools that comes with it Set includes slotted and solid wooden spatulas, solid and slotted wooden spoons, spoon fork, and container to hold the utensils.  Some reviews have been edited for length and/or clarity. ",185,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885972892,2021-03-23 03:31:05,Eat Some International Food And We'll Guess Which Indian City You Are From,https://www.buzzfeed.com/sumedha_bharpilania/can-we-guess-which-indian-city-youre-from,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"Trust me, it works. BuzzFeed Staff Take this quiz with friends in real time and compare results Get all the best Tasty recipes in your inbox! Sign up for the Tasty newsletter today! ",34,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885976142,2021-03-23 00:02:11,Israel launches ground offensive into Gaza,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/israel-launches-ground-offensive-into-gaza/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885977945,2021-03-23 00:00:00,How Much Reach Do Marketers Think They Get In Programmatic?,https://www.forbes.com/sites/augustinefou/2021/03/23/how-much-reach-do-marketers-think-they-get-in-programmatic/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Many marketers rushed headlong into buying ads through programmatic channels because of the low prices and seemingly limitless quantities of ads. These same marketers bought into the concept of “the long tail” which suggested that ads could be shown to humans on large numbers of small websites. Most advertisers thought they would get more “reach” by buying ads through programmatic ad exchanges, rather than directly from a handful of mainstream publishers. After all, these ad exchanges supposedly had hundreds of thousands of sites in each.  ad exchanges and number of sites in each A glance at the table to the right from adstxt.com shows the top 20 exchanges and the number of unique publishers/sites that belong to each. Google’s exchange is far and away the largest, with 863k sites, and AppNexus and the next 18 exchanges all have 200k-300k sites each. The total market is about 900k different domains and there is huge overlap — i.e. more than one exchange selling ad inventory from each publisher.  The number of sites in any given exchange is different than the number of sites a buyer will see in their own campaigns. For that, marketers will need detailed placement reports which break out unique domains and the associated quantities of impressions, rather than aggregated numbers in excel spreadsheets which only specify the total impressions for the month.  50% of marketers think their ads are going on more than 100k sites Unfortunately, most marketers still think they are getting reach. Informal polls on Twitter and LinkedIn show about half of marketers think their ads ran on more than 10,000 (10k) sites, and most of these think that their reach is “more than 100k sites.” This is a HUGE disconnect from what the data actually says — about 100 - 200 different sites account for 75% of the impressions, out of no more than 1,000 total different sites. Your campaigns may differ from the above. The key point is to check them yourself and continue to check. If you are seeing over-concentration of your ads going to only a small number of sites, not hundreds of thousands of sites, then take action.  For starters, marketers who don’t know how concentrated their current programmatic ad buys are should ask for detailed placement reports so they can find out. Once they have these reports, they can see for themselves that they were not getting the reach they assumed they were getting. If the majority of their ads are going onto only 100 - 200 domains, wouldn’t it be better for them to buy ads directly from a handful of good publishers? That way, they avoid the 50% ad tech tax and the risk of ad fraud on long tail sites. Don’t worry about all that “reach” on long tail sites that you didn’t get. That wasn’t human reach anyway — they were large numbers of small websites, with no human audiences, using bot traffic to generate ad impressions to sell. ",494,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885976136,2021-03-23 00:03:12,Who’s responsible for downing of Malaysian Airlines Flight 17?,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/whos-responsible-for-downing-of-malaysian-airlines-flight-17/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885976131,2021-03-23 00:04:11,Ukraine blames rebels for shoot down of Malaysian airliner,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/ukraine-blames-rebels-for-shoot-down-of-malaysian-airliner/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885976124,2021-03-23 00:05:11,Which missile system shot down Malaysian Airlines Flight 17?,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/which-missile-system-shot-down-malaysian-airlines-flight-17/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885977476,2021-03-23 00:07:40,Colorado Baker Jack Phillips Sued Over Refusal To Bake A Gender Transition Cake,https://dailycaller.com/2021/03/23/colorado-baker-sued-over-gender-transition-cake/,en,False,,18775,Daily Caller,http://dailycaller.com,"Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Jack Phillips, the Colorado baker who was sued for his refusal to make a wedding cake for a same-sex couple, is in court again for refusing to bake a gender transition cake. At the virtual trial on Monday, Scardina said that Phillips claimed he opposed making the gay couple’s wedding cake because it went against his religious beliefs but would sell other baked goods, and so Scardina made the order to “call his bluff,” according to ABC News. After Phillips declined the request, Scardina filed a complaint against him with the state alleging discrimination. The Colorado Civil Rights Commission agreed and found probable cause of those accusations, ABC News reported. Phillips previously gained national attention upon his refusal to make a wedding cake for a homosexual couple in Colorado. He won a partial victory at the U.S. Supreme Court in 2018 for that case. The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006 ",162,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885976116,2021-03-23 00:06:11,Hillary Clinton weighs in on potential Russian involvement in Malaysian crash,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/hillary-clinton-weighs-in-on-potential-russian-involvement-in-malaysian-crash/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885976113,2021-03-23 00:07:12,Who were the passengers aboard flight MH17?,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/who-were-the-passengers-aboard-flight-mh17/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885976108,2021-03-23 00:08:11,FAA issues warning for U.S. planes to avoid flights over Ukraine,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/faa-issues-warning-for-u-s-planes-to-avoid-flights-over-ukraine/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885986814,2021-03-23 00:16:55,A Police Officer Is Among the Fatalities,https://www.nytimes.com/live/2021/03/22/us/boulder-colorado-shooting/,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"The police said a suspect was in custody and that the victims included a police officer. A suspect was in custody and was injured during the shooting, the police said. ‘The shots are getting closer.’ Witnesses recounted moments of terror, inside and outside the store. President Biden is briefed on the shooting. From Columbine to Boulder, Colorado has a long history of mass shootings. First Atlanta, then Boulder: Two mass shootings in a week. transcript We know of 10 fatalities at the scene, including one of our Boulder P.D. officers by the name of Eric Talley. My heart goes out to the victims of this incident. And I’m grateful for the police officers that responded, and I am so sorry about the loss of Officer Talley. And again, we will be here working night and day. We have one suspect in custody. I want to reassure the community that they are safe, and that we will try to do our best over the next few hours to identify the victims. People inside the grocery, King Soopers, described a harrowing and chaotic scene inside the store. “I thought I was going to die,” said Alex Arellano, 35, who was working in the meat department at King Soopers, in the South Boulder area, when he heard a series of gunshots, then saw people running toward an exit near his department. The authorities identified the officer who died as Eric Talley, a 51-year-old who joined the department in 2010. Officer Talley was the first to respond to the scene when reports of a gunman came in, the police said. “He was, by all accounts, one of the outstanding officers at the Boulder Police Department and his life was cut far too short,” said the Boulder County district attorney, Michael Dougherty. Dean Schiller, who posted a live video from the scene shortly after the shooting began, said he heard about a dozen shots and saw three people who appeared to be wounded — two in the parking lot and one inside the supermarket.  As officers secured the building, more than a dozen people were led out of the supermarket, a King Soopers in a residential area a couple of miles south of the campus of the University of Colorado. The grocery store usually draws a mix of families and college students. By The New York Times In Mr. Schiller’s video, gunshots could be heard coming from inside the store, with officers gathering at the entrance. Over a loudspeaker, police officers called to the scene could be heard saying, “The entire building is surrounded, you need to surrender.” “Come out with your hands up,” the officers said. Dozens of police officers and dozens of vehicles descended on the scene. Newlyweds Quinlyn and Neven Sloan, both 21, had stopped into the store to pick up supplies for beef stroganoff when they heard the shooting. Ms. Sloan, a student at the University of Colorado, Boulder, said that at first she didn’t know what the noise was. The couple had split up in the store — he was in produce, she said, and she was standing in front of the dairy case — when customers began running.  “It was muffled at first,” she said, “and I thought maybe someone had dropped something, but then it went again, probably about 15 to 20 shots, really fast. My husband came up and shoved me out the door, and yelled, ‘Call 911!’ Then he ran back in to make sure a couple of older ladies who were in the aisles got out OK.” Sprinting across the parking lot, she said, she took cover behind a building, to be joined minutes later by her husband. Only then, she added, did they look down and realize that, because they hadn’t bothered to use a cart, they had fled with their arms full of the meat, noodles and sherry they had intended to buy. “These were people going about their day, doing their food shopping, and their lives were cut abruptly and tragically short,” Mr. Dougherty said. “I promise the victims and the people of the state of Colorado that we will secure justice.” Alex Arellano, 35, was working in the meat department at King Soopers when he heard a series of gunshots, and then saw people running toward an exit near his department. “The shots are getting closer,” he recalled. “I’m thinking of my parents, and I was freaking out.” For a while, Mr. Arellano said he and two other men hid in the department. He did not see the assailant but could hear the gunfire. “We were scared cause, you know, there’s entry points where that individual could show up,” he said. “I thought I was going to die.” Mr. Arellano and the other men eventually escaped through an exit in the back of the building, he said. Sarah Moonshadow was at the checkout with her son, when she, too, heard shots fired. “We ducked and I just started counting in between shots, and by the fourth shot I told my son, we have to run,” she said. As they were running, two shots were fired in their direction, she said. When they made it outside, they saw a body lying in the road. “I can tell that he wasn’t moving,” she said. “And so, I’m pretty sure he was gone. And I just broke down across the street. I just couldn’t believe we were able to make it across.” Ms. Moonshadow moved back to Boulder, her hometown, from Denver after she became concerned about Denver becoming unsafe. “This isn’t how Boulder is, you know,” she said. “This isn’t what happens here.” Taylor Shaver, who works at Art Cleaners, a dry cleaning and laundry business near the supermarket, said that she heard at least 10 gunshots and saw people running from the grocery store. “I’m in the bathroom hiding,” Ms. Shaver said. “I heard this loud boom. I instantly knew. There was a ton of shots. My stomach dropped.” Ms. Shaver, 18, added that it was particularly unnerving because it was her first day working alone at the dry cleaning business. She said she had left the bathroom to see what was going outside the business. “Oh my gosh, you can see all these people walking with their hands up,” she said. “I’ve never seen this many police officers in my life.” Jordan Crumby, a student at the University of Colorado at Boulder, was about to get a tattoo with the word “warning” on her hip at Auspicious Tattoo, a shop across from the grocery store, when the shooting began. Ms. Crumby, 31, said she stepped outside to record a video of the scene for her Instagram feed, when the police waved her away. Officers with tactical gear and rifles could be seen swarming the shopping center. People from the grocery store, she said, were being evacuated. “They had their hands over their heads and they’re getting escorted out,” she said. “I said, ‘We should probably go inside.’” Kevin Daly, who owns a restaurant and brewery in the shopping center, said he was inside, readying his business for reopening after the pandemic when his manager, in a bank across the parking lot, heard the gunshots. “Someone saw the livestream, so we pulled it up and locked ourselves in the office,” he said, the start of an hourslong ordeal in which he and his employees periodically opened the door to shelter traumatized witnesses to the shooting. “The guy just went in there and started shooting,” he said. “People were just in shock. A lot of them had seen bodies and carnage.” “And I’m angry,” he said. “And all I know is, this should have stopped after Columbine. It should have stopped after Sandy Hook. And I’m angry that we are still discussing this.” “My prayers are with our fellow Coloradans in this time of sadness and grief as we learn more about the extent of the tragedy,” Mr. Polis said, adding that he was making every public safety resource available to assist the Boulder County Sheriff’s Department. Sam Weaver, the mayor of Boulder, said on Twitter: “Words can do no justice to the tragedy that has unfolded this afternoon. Our community will soon grieve our losses, and begin our healing.” Representative Joe Neguse, a Democrat whose district in Boulder includes the site of the shooting, said in a statement that “while there is still a lot we do not yet know, one thing is very clear — tragic incidents of gun violence have plagued our country for far too long.” She added: “May God be with us as we make sense of this senseless violence, and may we unify and not divide during this time.” A partisan divide has been common after mass shootings. While lawmakers in both major parties express sympathy for the victims and responders, Republicans have generally resisted new calls for tighter gun laws after such tragedies, while Democrats have said these moments underscore the need for new and stricter gun laws. She also wrote: “It’s beyond time for our leaders to take action.” Colorado has been the scene of a number of multiple fatal shootings in recent years, including these that made national headlines: An earlier version of this article referred incorrectly to the gunman in Highlands Ranch in December 2017. He was not a sheriff's deputy. The following year, when a gunman targeting Latinos in El Paso, Texas, killed 22 people, there were nine. “Those were the worst years on record,” said Jillian Peterson, an associate professor of criminal justice at Hamline University in St. Paul, Minn., and a co-founder of the Violence Project, a research center that studies gun violence. The early research suggests that widespread unemployment, financial stress, a rise in drug and alcohol addiction, and a lack of access to community resources caused by the pandemic contributed to the increase in shootings in 2020. The police did not say what may have motivated the gunman in Colorado, who is in custody. ",1669,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885976102,2021-03-23 00:09:12,Broadway legend Elaine Stritch passes away at 89,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/broadway-legend-elaine-stritch-passes-away-at-89/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885976098,2021-03-23 00:10:12,Aviation experts to study cause of fatal Malaysian Airlines crash,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/aviation-experts-to-study-cause-of-fatal-malaysian-airlines-crash/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885987046,2021-03-23 04:01:06,Feel Like You Have Nothing To Wear? Time To Check Out These 43 Pieces Of Clothing,https://www.buzzfeed.com/maitlandquitmeyer/pieces-of-clothing-for-anyone-who-feels-like-they-have-1,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"A closet full of possibilities is just around the corner. BuzzFeed Staff We hope you love the products we recommend! All of them were independently selected by our editors. Just so you know, BuzzFeed may collect a share of sales or other compensation from the links on this page if you decide to shop from them. Oh, and FYI — prices are accurate and items in stock as of time of publication. Unless otherwise specified, all sizes in this post are listed in women's. If you want a little extra coverage, pair with a bandeau or bralette! It has snaps in the crotch for easy peeing too, which is always a bodysuit must. Reviewers note that this is comfy and softer than you'd think! Reclaim is a woman-owned brand focused on making investment-worthy pieces that are wearable and timeless, all made in their two factories: a small family-owned one in Florence, Italy, and a cashmere producer in Inner Mongolia. The front and back is lined from the bust down and the sleeves are ~sheerly~ stunning! And it has hooks at the crotch so you can pee easily 🙌 — it's the little things, amirite? According to reviewers, order your usual size for a less slouchy fit, order a size up if you want that baggier, off-the-shoulder look! Just note that it does run a tad oversized. Jen Zeano Designs is a Latina-owned Etsy shop based in Texas and specializing in apparel and accessories. If you're looking for an oversized fit or longer length, go up a size. It wraps around the front and ties in the back for a customizable fit! Reviews have been edited for length and/or clarity. ",280,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885976093,2021-03-23 00:11:11,Morbid anniversary: TWA Flight 800,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/morbid-anniversary-twa-flight-800/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885976076,2021-03-23 00:14:11,3 dead after violent Calif. bank robbery,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/two-suspects-dead-after-violent-california-bank-robbery/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885976090,2021-03-23 00:12:15,U.S. sanctions targeted Russian arms makers,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/u-s-sanctions-targeted-russian-arms-makers/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885976082,2021-03-23 00:13:10,Should Ukrainian airspace have been closed?,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/should-ukrainian-airspace-have-been-closed/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885976071,2021-03-23 00:15:12,Putin could catch heat if pro-Russian separatists shot down plane,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/putin-could-catch-heat-if-pro-russian-separatists-shot-down-plane/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885981470,2021-03-23 00:21:14.812022,Miss Manners: Rules about difficult topics exist for a reason,https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/advice/miss-manners-rules-about-difficult-topics-exist-for-a-reason/2021/03/22/5dd14544-7d5a-11eb-b3d1-9e5aa3d5220c_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_homepage,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"And what is your guidance on the topic, especially given the precarious state of our democracy and the rampant spread of mis- and disinformation? Had this not been an old rule, designed to free social life from cantankerous strife, Miss Manners would have had to invent it. Mind you, she would happily abandon the rule if she could hope to welcome an exchange of ideas. That would be a boon to democracy, as well as a much-needed stimulus to good conversation. But people no longer exchange ideas; they exchange insults. This is not new, just particularly bad right now. The rule surely dates to the first time someone countered a statement with, “Then you must be an idiot” instead of, “Why do you think that?” If good manners forbid eating with one's hands, how, pray, do we use the phrase ""finger-licking good""? Some of us do not. But you are mistaken in believing that etiquette forbids eating with the hands. There are circumstances in which this is permitted: Fried chicken may be correctly eaten from the hands at picnics, but not at the formal dinner table. But there are plenty of foods that can be correctly eaten with the hands under any circumstances, including whole artichokes, bread, grapes, sandwiches, nuts, corn on the cob, olives, pickles, celery, anything on crackers, and (really) asparagus. Oh, yes, and frogs’ legs — although you may attack them with a knife and fork if you like. As for the propriety of licking one’s fingers, Miss Manners can only pity you if you believe that advertisements are a model of decent behavior. So when my next-door neighbor is in his yard and I'm getting in my car, and he asks me where I'm off to, is he being nosy? Or am I being overly critical (in my mind only, of course, because I will always politely answer)? Is idle curiosity rude, or only in certain contexts or with certain queries? But Miss Manners asks you to consider the possibility that the gentleman had no real interest in whether you were going to the grocery store or the dentist, but only wanted to call out something to be friendly, and only the obvious came to mind. 2021, by Judith Martin The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",391,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885981467,2021-03-23 00:21:14.812022,Ask Amy: Wife’s risky behavior escalates,https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/advice/ask-amy-wifes-risky-behavior-escalates/2021/03/22/f61b6b2e-7c95-11eb-a976-c028a4215c78_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_homepage,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"My wife and I have been married for six years. Two years ago, my wife reached out to an old flame and engaged in an emotional affair. She continued to talk with him even while we were going to marriage counseling. After she stopped that relationship, a few months went by quite nicely. Then she started an emotional affair (through Snapchat) with a co-worker. She was caught and said it would stop. That happened exactly a year ago. The day before Mother's Day last May, she told me that the only thing she wanted was a day of not having to be a mother. I was happy to oblige, so I loaded up the girls and we spent the day together, so ""Mommy"" could be on her own. I didn't hear from her all day, and she didn't come home that night. The next day, on Mother's Day, she met me at my mom's house and apologized. She said she got drunk with an old friend. Turns out, that was a lie. A few days ago, she confessed to sleeping with a total stranger that night. I don't know what to do. I feel like the love in my heart is just gone, and I do not want it to be gone. I have never been unfaithful to my wife, but she has hurt me so many times. When do you draw the line? If love doesn't reappear soon, I don't know what I'll do. Neither one of us deserves a life of unhappiness. Please lend me some of your wisdom. — Heartbroken Husband She kept knowledge of this one-night stand to herself until recently. So why did she disclose this now? Is she trying to force the issue to end the marriage, or is she trying to come clean to save the marriage? Is she trying to punish you, or does she want to punish herself? Does she have a sexually transmitted disease? Did she become pregnant? You two should head right back into counseling. You should set your own goal for what you want from therapy: Do you want to continue to try to repair your relationship, or do you want to move toward parting ways peacefully? You should also contact an attorney to explore your legal rights and responsibilities regarding a possible separation. At the very least, it sounds as if your wife is overwhelmed by marriage and parenthood. You must put your kids’ well-being first. It might be best for the children to be with you in a separate household at least half-time while their mother sorts through her personal problems and choices. He said that in his retirement he has 'rediscovered' an old hobby of genealogy and is building a family tree. He made a point of defending his request by saying that the birth dates of  living people are not visible to visitors to this website, but only to those using a password. This comment made me suspicious of the site. We told him that we were not prepared to provide this information. He was quite miffed. We cited the laws in Canada about privacy and said that it was our right to not have our information posted by him. He already knew my birth date, and I warned him not to post it. Was I right? — Private Bartenders generally keep a good eye on what patrons are doing and saying. If people are told to back off, politely, as you suggested — but then ignored — most likely the bar staff will have a word with them. Being friendly with the couple sends the message to the staff that you are okay with their behavior. — Cheers! 2021 by Amy Dickinson distributed by Tribune Content Agency The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",642,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885981459,2021-03-23 00:21:14.812022,"Carolyn Hax: When grandparents watch the toddler, things get messy",https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/advice/carolyn-hax-when-grandparents-watch-the-toddler-things-get-messy/2021/03/22/55c97652-8366-11eb-9ca6-54e187ee4939_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_homepage,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"Carolyn Hax is away. The following first appeared Dec. 1, 2006. However, our relatives treat our house as if it were a hotel room — dirty dishes lying around, crumbs on the floors and furniture, random trash and newspapers strewn about, etc. What bothers us is not as much the cleanup afterward but rather the seeming disrespect they have for our house — they certainly don't leave their own houses in such a state. We would like to say something but fear they will either scoff at it or, worse, become offended and not visit as much, which is certainly not our desire. Is there a gentle way to communicate our feelings without hurting theirs? — C.F.  You came up with this answer yourself: Your in-laws’ “seeming” disrespect is not so bad that you’re willing to risk their not visiting. Done. There are times when parents do have to tamper with the chemistry of grandparent-grandchild affection, but this isn’t one of them. If it helps, I’ll be happy to make whatever excuses necessary for you to look past your in-laws’ messes. How about . . . they don’t leave their homes messy because they aren’t chasing 2-year-olds in them. Or, they leave newspapers around because their attempts to read them get thwarted by a 2-year-old wanting attention. Or, the energy they’d normally use to sweep up crumbs has been spent dancing, singing, clapping and playing Let’s Climb the Dining Room Table to Swing on the Chandelier with a 2-year-old. Okay, it’s all the same excuse, but it’s a decent one — especially given that separate non-messy parties from separate non-messy homes show up at your home and suddenly become . . . messy. Hmm. Pair this excuse with the only thing that matters, and it achieves greatness: People are coming from afar to your home with love in their hearts and babysitting on their agendas. If they show up buttered and dredged in breadcrumbs, give them a hug and say thanks. — Bewildered  The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",348,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885988329,2021-03-23 00:01:10,"Laura Ingraham: Border crisis 'will change our country forever', just as 'open borders zealots always wanted'",https://www.foxnews.com/media/ingraham-joe-biden-border-crisis-change-us-forever,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"'The Ingraham Angle' host also warns Republicans not to let Democrats use it as amnesty pretext ""Failing to report the simple facts about what lax border enforcement means, the media is complicit in the creation of this crisis,"" she added. ""They demonized Trump for years on immigration, with woefully biased and inaccurate reporting, and now they are trying to save their own reputations"" by pressing the Biden administration for access to migrant holding facilities.  In that regard, White House press secretary Jen Psaki's recent statement that the White House is ""committed to transparency"" is a ""total and complete lie,"" according to Ingraham. ""They could have opened these sites on day one,"" she said. ""Just blur the kids’ faces. Back in May of 2019, the Trump administration allowed ['The Ingraham Angle'] to go into border facilities in Texas, because they believed in transparency, unlike the current president. There was no reason to hide anything. ""But it’s different now, because the Biden administration knows the conditions inside are horrific. And they know Biden risks coming off as a total fraud on this issue,"" she added. Meanwhile, Ingraham warned Republicans could make a bad situation worse by allowing Democrats to use the surge and ""crisis"" as a pretext to seek blanket amnesty. ""Democrats want to use this crisis that they are solely responsible for, to force the hands of GOP members on immigration amnesty,"" Ingraham said. ""Hell no, they won’t. You cannot negotiate border legislation with people who don’t believe in borders and continue to tell blatant lies to the American people."" As for DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas, Ingraham said he ""has lost all credibility, and if protecting Americans mattered more to Biden than catering to the cheap labor lobby, he would be fired immediately."" CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP ""The current crisis is something that will change our country forever,"" she went on. ""Just what the open borders zealots always wanted but couldn’t admit. They conceal, instead of reveal, their true intentions."" ""Just remember,"" the host concluded. ""The whole time that they were telling Americans to stay home, slow the spread, mask up, and avoid other people, they were encouraging everyone in the rest of the world to come here as quickly as possible."" Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inbox Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! ",397,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885988328,2021-03-23 00:01:30,Country singer Taylor Dee dead at 33 after car accident,https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/country-singer-taylor-dee-dead-33-car-accident,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top entertainment and celebrity headlines are here. Check out what's clicking today in entertainment. Police said they arrived at the scene around 10:05 p.m. to find Dee -- born Taylor Dawn Carroll -- in ""grave condition"" a short distance outside of the vehicle. ""A 36 year [sic.] male, who was also an occupant of the vehicle, was found outside the vehicle with non-life threatening injuries,"" said the release. YAPHET KOTTO, FIRST BLACK JAMES BOND VILLAIN AND 'ALIEN' ACTOR DEAD AT 81 ""Investigators determined the Chevrolet Trailblazer was attempting to make an abrupt lane change to exit the TEXpress lane when it struck a crash cushion barrier,"" the release added. ""The impact caused the Trailblazer to then flip into the air, striking a vertical steel highway sign with its roof before coming to rest upside down on the highway."" Authorities believe Dee was driving the car and was not wearing a seatbelt and that alcohol ""may be a contributing factor."" They added: ""The investigation is currently ongoing but it does not appear there will be any criminal charges related to the collision."" Her cause and manner of death are still pending. She is slated for an autopsy. HENRY DARROW, 'THE HIGH CHAPARRAL' ACTOR, DEAD AT 87 A rep for the Tarrant County Medical Examiner's Office did not immediately respond to Fox News' request for further comment. A GoFundMe was created following Dee's passing, with Karla Terrell listed as the beneficiary. It is currently unclear who Terrell is in relation to Dee, but the page asks: ""Please help our family be able to lay her to rest."" According to the online fundraiser, the singer had two children. ""She will be forever loved and missed,"" said the page. ""She left this world sooner then [sic.] any of us were ready for."" CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER ""Taylor Dee was the real deal – a true talent with a heart and passion not only for her music but for people,"" she said. ""In every performance, her talent was evident, but more importantly she allowed her fans to know her heart. She will be missed tremendously."" ",363,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885988327,2021-03-23 00:14:05,Colorado sports teams react to Boulder supermarket shooting,https://www.foxnews.com/sports/colorado-sports-teams-boulder-supermarket-shooting,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"FOX News correspondent Alicia Acuna has a live report from the scene on 'Hannity' Each professional sports team offered their condolences via social media statements to those affected by the Boulder mass shooting. CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM ""The Colorado Rockies are devastated by today’s senseless tragedy in Boulder. Our heart breaks for the lives needlessly lost and our thoughts are with everyone affected by this shooting. We are grateful for the brave heroes and first responders who acted quickly,"" the Rockies said. The Avalanche and Nuggets essentially said the same things: ""We are all deeply saddened by the events in Boulder today. Our thoughts and prayers are with all those impacted by this terrible act."" BOULDER GROCERY MASSACRE LEAVES 10 DEAD INCLUDING COP, SUSPECT IN CUSTODY The Broncos quote-tweeted the Boulder Police Department. ""Our hearts go out to the innocent victims, grocery store associates & families of those affected by today's shooting at a King Soopers in Boulder, Colo. We are grateful for the law enforcement & medical professionals who bravely responded to yet another senseless tragedy,"" the team said. Major League Soccer’s Rapids added: ""We are deeply saddened by the events in Boulder today. Our thoughts are with those impacted by this terrible act."" The officer was identified as Eric Talley, 51, who served on the force since 2010. He was the first officer at King Scoopers, the crime scene, after the shooting occurred at about 2:30 p.m. His actions were called heroic. The suspect, who was not identified, is receiving medical treatment. Officers had escorted a shirtless man with blood running down his leg out of the store in handcuffs but authorities would not say if he was the suspect. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Boulder is located about 27.5 miles northwest of Denver. Ryan Gaydos is the Sports Editor for Fox News and Fox Business. Follow Ryan Gaydos on Twitter @Gaydos_ and if you got a tip you can email Ryan at Ryan.Gaydos@fox.com ",333,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885988323,2021-03-23 00:15:25,Mobley Bros. lead No. 6 seed USC to 85-51 rout of Kansas,https://www.foxnews.com/sports/mobley-bros-lead-no-6-seed-usc-to-85-51-rout-of-kansas,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. Southern California coach Andy Enfield is taking another program back to the Sweet 16. The only surprise about this one? How handily his Trojans took apart No. 3 seed Kansas. Isaiah Mobley hit four 3-pointers and scored 17 points, All-American big brother Evan added 10 points and 13 rebounds, and sixth-seeded USC rolled to an 85-51 victory Monday night inside Hinkle Fieldhouse — more than doubling the worst margin of defeat for the Jayhawks in 49 trips to the NCAA Tournament. Isaiah White added 13 points and Tahj Eaddy had 12 for the Trojans (24-7), who kept the Pac-12's charmed tourney going by reaching their fourth Sweet 16. They'll face conference rival Oregon next weekend. CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM Enfield, who took No. 15 seed Florida Gulf Coast to the second weekend in 2013, had plenty of time to enjoy this one. The Trojans built a 29-21 lead, went on an 11-0 run to finish the first half, then coasted over the final 20 minutes. USC finished 11 of 18 from beyond the arc, shot 57.1% from the field and nearly doubled up the Jayhawks on the glass. Marcus Garrett had 15 points for Kansas (21-9), which had never lost an NCAA tourney game by more than 16 points. One of college basketball's tradition-rich programs, the Jayhawks had played nearly 3,200 games without ever setting foot on the floor of Hinkle Fieldhouse — the iconic hoops cathedral made famous by the Hollywood film ""Hoosiers."" The way they looked Monday night, it was probably by design. The Jayhawks missed their first eight shots, most of them wide open looks. And after Christian Braun finally hit a 3-pointer, they missed three more. Throw in a couple turnovers, and they were headed for a point total straight out of the 1940s. At the other end, the Trojans looked like they were in a pregame layup line the way Kansas kept breaking down on D. On a sequence that perfectly summed up the first half, Braun — an 81% free-throw shooter — missed two, and Isaiah Mobley followed with a deep 3-pointer as the shot-clock expired. As the teams headed the other way again, Kansas coach Bill Self crossed his legs and reclined in his folding chair — the very picture of frustration and resignation. Mobley's four first-half 3s, doubling his career best for an entire game, staked the Trojans to a 40-21 lead at the break. The reaction from former All-American guard Frank Mason III, now in the G League: ""Tell Coach Self I’m headed to the game,"" he tweeted at halftime. ""I’ll be there by the 10 min mark; ready to sub in on arrival."" Wilt Chamberlain wouldn't have made a difference on this night. Kansas trimmed its deficit to 16 early in the second half, but Enfield immediately called timeout and the momentum was over. White hit a trio of 3-pointers in a span of about three minutes, and Drew Peterson also knocked one down as the Trojans again stretched their lead stretched beyond 20 and effectively put the game away. BIG PICTURE Southern California continued a banner tournament for the Pac-12, which is now 9-1 with four of its five teams reaching the Sweet 16. The only team to lose is Colorado, which beat the Trojans in the conference tournament. Kansas hoped the return of Jalen Wilson, who flew into Indianapolis earlier in the day, from his COVID-19 quarantine would provide a spark. But the Jayhawks' leading rebounder was just as ineffective as everyone else against the Trojans' big front line. Kansas wound up getting beaten 43-27 on the boards. UP NEXT The Trojans play seventh-seeded Oregon, which cruised past No. 2 seed Iowa earlier in the day, in a Pac-12 showdown for a spot in the West Region finals. USC beat the Ducks in February in their only meeting this season. ",660,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885988320,2021-03-23 00:18:56,Onyenwere leads third-seeded UCLA past Wyoming 69-48,https://www.foxnews.com/sports/onyenwere-leads-third-seeded-ucla-past-wyoming-69-48,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. Michaela Onyenwere scored 25 points and third-seeded UCLA was never threatened en route to a 69-48 victory over Wyoming in the opening round of the women's NCAA Tournament on Monday night. Onyenwere, a 6-foot senior, converted 9 of 17 shots from the field. She has averaged more than 24 points in her last five games, five more than her mark for the season. Charisma Osborne supported Onyenwere with 15 points, 10 rebounds and four assists. Natalie Chou also scored 15. CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM Alba Sanchez Ramos led Wyoming with 15 points and 10 rebounds. McKinley Bradshaw scored 13. Neither team has a starter taller than 6-foot-1, but UCLA (17-5) has more height and dominated in the paint, outscoring Wyoming 34-20. Wyoming (14-10) had no answer for Onyenwere in the first half. The all-Pac 12 forward scored 15 points — 11 in the first quarter — helping stake the Bruins to a 40-26 lead at the break. She used her strength to score inside, made mid-range turnaround jump shots and also hit a 3-pointer. Onyenwere scored eight more in the third quarter, and Chou added six, as UCLA increased its lead to 20 at the end of that period. STILL PERFECT UCLA has won nine straight NCAA Tournament first round games, the last six under coach Cori Close. The smallest margin of victory during her tenure was 11 points against American in 2018. Next the Bruins will attempt to advance to the Sweet 16 for the fifth straight time. MAKING HER WORK Wyoming's Quinn Weidemann was named Most Valuable Player of the Mountain West Tournament after averaging 13.5 points and hitting 12 of 22 3-point shots. She helped the Cowgirls win the tournament after they finished seventh during the regular season at 8-8. UCLA seemed aware of that, harassing Weidemann into 1 for 6 3-point shooting and 4 for 16 overall. She finished with 11 points. UP NEXT UCLA will face No. 6 seed Texas on Wednesday. The Longhorns defeated Bradley 81-62 on Monday. ",352,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885988316,2021-03-23 00:19:11,"Harry, William could have made 'brilliant' team, report says",https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/prince-harry-prince-william-could-have-brilliant-team,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top entertainment and celebrity headlines are here. Check out what's clicking today in entertainment. Now, a close insider is reflecting on what the two could have accomplished together. PRINCE WILLIAM IS 'UPSET,' MISSING HIS BROTHER AFTER MEGHAN MARKLE, PRINCE HARRY'S OPRAH INTERVIEW: REPORT ""It's a sad state of affairs because William and Harry could have been so brilliant,"" a source told People magazine. PRINCE HARRY, PRINCE WILLIAM MAY NEVER 'HAVE THE SAME CLOSENESS,' ROYAL EXPERT CLAIMS: 'IT'S GONE TOO FAR' ""Once he got over the anger of how things happened, he was left with the absence of his brother,"" one palace insider told the outlet. ""They shared everything about their lives – an office, a foundation, meetings together most days – and there was a lot of fun along the way. He’ll miss it forever."" Another friend told the outlet that William is still ""very upset by what’s happened."" Still, he’s ""absolutely intent that he and Harry’s relationship will heal in time."" William has previously spoken out about the interview in an unprecedented manner, assuring the press that the royal family is ""very much not a racist family."" CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER ""I don’t think they could ever have the same closeness that they had before,"" Levin said. ""Prince Harry told me that William was the only person he could really trust, and the only person he could say anything to because of their unique experience of losing a mother."" Fox News' Stephanie Nolasco contributed to this report ",263,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885995228,2021-03-23 00:04:02,"Ilya Sorokin continues to dominate, notches 8th straight win in overtime over Flyers",https://www.nydailynews.com/sports/hockey/islanders/ny-sorokin-flyers-overtime-20210323-cmymfhvjvjgmdglejzheckutze-story.html#ed=rss_www.nydailynews.com/arcio/rss/category/sports/,en,False,,8,Daily News,http://www.nydailynews.com/," Ilya Sorokin stole one for the Islanders.  Sorokin made 36 saves and increased his club-record streak for a rookie to eight straight victories, and Anthony Beauvillier scored on a wraparound 3:41 into overtime to give the New York Islanders a 2-1 victory over the Philadelphia Flyers on Monday night.  “It would be larceny, probably,” Islanders coach Barry Trotz joked when asked about his goalie’s performance.  The 24-year-old Sorokin has allowed just 11 goals during his personal winning streak.  “He’s just been unbelievable,” Oliver Wahlstrom said.  Wahlstrom also scored for the East Division-leading Islanders. New York has won 11 of 13.  Oskar Lindblom scored for the slumping Flyers, who lost for the eighth time in 12 games.  Philadelphia outshot the Islanders 37-19.  “We came to play tonight right from the beginning,” Flyers coach Alain Vigneault said. “We had some real good looks. At the end of the night, their goaltender was the difference.”  On the winning goal, New York took advantage of Shayne Gostisbehere’s turnover in the Flyers’ zone. Jean-Gabriel Pageau sent the pass behind the net to Beauvillier, who beat Brian Elliott on a backhand.  “It’s one of those instinct plays,” Beauvillier said. “It just happens and you hope for the best. I was fortunate it hit his skate and went in the net. Sometimes you get lucky with it.”  New York took two of three from Philadelphia in the three-game mini series. The Flyers won the opener 4-3 on Thursday, and the Islanders won 6-1 on Saturday. Both of those contests were on the Islanders’ home ice.  Lindblom put the Flyers ahead 1-0 with 7:57 left in the second when scored his fifth of the season from close range on a assists from Claude Giroux and Jake Voracek.  Wahlstrom tied it 4:06 into the third when he pounced on a loose puck in front of the crease and shot high over sprawled Elliott.  “Just a rebound goal I could bury,” Wahlstrom said.  Elliott, Philadelphia’s regular backup, got the start and was backed by Alex Lyon. Carter Hart, Philadelphia’s primary starter who has struggled recently, spent the day working with goaltending coach Kim Dillabaugh.  Besides the result, Elliott liked the way the Flyers played.  “It was a really good game from a lot of aspects from our team,” he said. “It’s a good building block and shows us how we need to play on a nightly basis.”  The Islanders originally were scheduled to play at Boston on Tuesday, but they instead will have the day off after the game was postponed due to COVID-19 protocols with the Bruins.  “It’s huge whenever you get the opportunity to rest and recover from anything at this point,” Beauvillier said. “Everyone is kind of banged up physically and mentally. We’re going to try to make the best of it and be back stronger.” ",490,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885995917,2021-03-23 00:05:00,Biden reportedly pulls another nomination after GOP Sen. Lisa Murkowski objects,https://www.theblaze.com/news/joe-biden-interior-nomination-murkowski,en,False,,22088,Blaze,http://www.theblaze.com,"White House withdraws Elizabeth Klein's nomination to Interior Department 
	Biden had nominated Elizabeth Klein, a former Obama administration official, to be the deputy secretary of the Department of the Interior.
 
	Murkowski had reportedly opposed the nomination of Klein to the Interior Department because the senator is seeking to expand the oil and gas industry in Alaska.
 
	Klein was a former deputy director of the State Energy and Environmental Impact Center at the New York University School of Law, and would have been an aggressive advocate for renewable energy and other climate change policies at the Interior Department.
 ",98,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886000300,2021-03-23 00:34:51,Hernández: Mick Cronin's Westwood spell is transforming Bruins into NCAA bluebloods,https://www.latimes.com/sports/ucla/story/2021-03-22/ucla-mick-cronin-coaching-abilene-christian-ncaa-tournament,en,False,,6,LA Times,http://www.latimes.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885999079,2021-03-23 00:01:07,N.H.L. Hopes to Extend Its Reach to Latino Audiences,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/sports/hockey/nhl-latino-audiences.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by The league’s recent agreement with ESPN grants the network media rights in Latin America, and some teams already regularly broadcast games on the radio in Spanish. Send any friend a story Jesús López had done play-by-play announcing for several sports before 2017 — but never ice hockey. Before the 2019-20 season, Alex Meruelo of the Arizona Coyotes, a Cuban-American, became the N.H.L.’s first Latino majority owner. Xavier A. Gutierrez of Mexico later became the league’s first Latino team president with Arizona. The N.H.L. also started a league website in Spanish last season, and three teams — Chicago, Los Angeles and Vegas — regularly broadcast games in Spanish on the radio. In Los Angeles, the Kings have embarked on a novel partnership. Last year, they expanded the Junior Kings program into Mexico City after starting a Beijing program in 2018. The Kings’ aim is to develop players through high-level training, camps and competitions that seek to close the resources gap between Mexican players and their counterparts elsewhere in North America. Francisco X. Rivera, a broadcaster from Mexico City who calls Kings games in Spanish, has been heavily involved with the program, which serves boys and girls ages 4 to 18. During the pandemic, he has hosted bilingual video calls with players who compete in a seven-team league with more than 100 participants. Derek Armstrong, a former Kings center who works in the team’s front office, offers instruction during the sessions. “The ultimate goal would be finding that player, either Mexican-born or Mexican-American, who represents the country well,” Rivera said. “Imagine having that kid from Mexico who was that representative, if he came out of our program. That would be something that no one could take away from you.” Though Rivera, with his broadcasting partner, Nano Cortés, a Colombian, did just 11 of the Kings’ 34 home games last season — and there will be at least 12 Spanish broadcasts next season — he fulfills numerous roles for the Kings. He has become an adviser to the Kings, as well as an ambassador to Latino communities and celebrities alike. On a given day, his work might include a youth ball hockey clinic or wooing prominent celebrities to appear at games. This month, he expanded his responsibilities to include being part of the English-language broadcast crew for the Ontario (Calif.) Reign, the Kings’ American Hockey League affiliate, and on March 13 became the first Latino play-by-play announcer to call a professional hockey game in English. Rivera, 39, who has had nephews who played with the Mexican national team, said that he hoped the Junior Kings’ initiative could further the sport in Mexico, where the national teams have enjoyed modest success at lower levels of international play and the women’s team may even have Olympic aspirations. It could also potentially produce a face for the N.H.L. in Mexico and the rest of Latin America. The N.B.A. has had stars, such as Manu Ginobili of Argentina and Pau Gasol of Spain, who prospered in Latino-heavy markets like San Antonio and Los Angeles, where Kobe Bryant also took to communicating in Spanish regularly. But the N.H.L. hasn’t yet featured that type of figure among its player ranks. The league has had, though, several Hispanic players. Scott Gomez, an American of Mexican and Colombian descent, starred for the Devils in the 2000s. Bill Guerin, the former Devils wing and current Minnesota Wild general manager, is of Nicaraguan and Irish descent. The former Rangers goalie Al Montoya is a fluent Spanish speaker with Cuban heritage and frequently appeared on Spanish radio when he played for the Florida Panthers. The league currently has players with Mexican roots like Vegas left wing Max Pacioretty, who played on the 2014 U.S. Olympic team, and Toronto Maple Leafs center Auston Matthews, a top goal-scorer selected No. 1 over all in 2016. Despite several teams being in markets with significant Latino populations, there has been a hesitancy to commit fully to Spanish broadcasts. In South Florida, the Panthers dabbled in Spanish broadcasts on the radio during their first three seasons starting in 1993, while they played in Miami, and again in the middle of the 2010s. The Kings’ wading into Spanish broadcasting three years ago came on the heels of the ephemeral venture that was Spectrum Deportes, a mirror of the regional English-language cable network that carried the Lakers and the Dodgers before being canceled in 2018 after six years. The Kings’ radio coverage is more limited in scope than it was on Spectrum Deportes, as well as its 1990s predecessor, La Cadena Deportiva, a network that carried the Lakers, San Diego Padres, Kings and Anaheim Ducks among its other sports telecasts in Spanish in the 1990s. The Kings also had Spanish radio broadcasts that ended in the 1997-98 season. “Some of them do it as a P.R. stunt, doing two games here or three games there. But it doesn’t really go anywhere because they don’t support it financially and don’t give it the time,” said Cesar Sutil, a producer for La Cadena Deportiva during its two seasons (1993-94 and 1994-95) broadcasting the entire home schedules for the Kings and Ducks. Though the Kings did not use their success last decade to diversify their programming — they won championships in 2012 and 2014, but did not begin Spanish broadcasts until 2018 — the Chicago Blackhawks did. For the past six seasons, their presence in Spanish-language media and the Latino community has grown. They now broadcast all of their home games on Spanish radio. Héctor Lozano, 52, a former Chicago play-by-play announcer, had also worked with other Chicago franchises, including the Bulls during the Michael Jordan era, and said that he had seen a major uptick in enthusiasm for hockey in Chicago’s Latino community. “After winning Stanley Cups in 2010, 2013 and 2015, you know, everyone wanted to be associated with a winner,” Lozano said in Spanish. Vegas had shown a commitment to reaching Spanish-speaking audiences from the outset, having had community outreach and radio broadcasts since its inaugural season in 2017-18. The Golden Knights now broadcast all home games and all playoff games on Spanish radio and provide the option to hear the Spanish audio feed on the English telecast via the S.A.P. function. They reach seven states, including many areas with significant Latino populations. They also feature separate Spanish accounts on Instagram and Twitter. The team owner William P. Foley, who learned Spanish when he spent three years in Venezuela during his adolescence, said very early on that he wanted to integrate the Latino community into the organization and bring them hockey in Spanish. Michael Nijjar, a minority owner of the team, competed for the Colombian national team. He said he would like to bring the LATAM Cup, an international tournament with teams from Latin America and the Caribbean, to Las Vegas, where they have striven to connect with Latino communities. “I’ve had to get in some companies’ faces because of a lack of sincerity and trying to check a box; I just don’t play that game,” said Peter Guzman, the president of the Las Vegas Latin Chamber of Commerce. “I can tell you wholeheartedly that there has not been a moment like that.” In 2018, the Golden Knights became the first team to broadcast Stanley Cup finals games in Spanish, with López on the call. López, 52, who is from Guadalajara, Mexico, said it was difficult to find examples of hockey broadcasts in Spanish when he set out to develop his style. He found inspiration in a 1945 Disney animated short film called “Hockey Homicide.” He felt the narration captured the spirit of the sport and implemented it into his approach. “Every sport has its soul, but the soul of hockey is different from anything else,” López said in Spanish. “It’s an artistic sport that can become extremely rough.” López offers listeners descriptions of action in the “circle of dispute” (face-off circle) and his vivid characterization of slashing that translates to “he whipped him with his cane!” Of course, all three play-by-play maestros use the indelible goal call in full throat. “We’re always going to give our best because this has become like my child. I love him, I want to guide him and do something beautiful with his life,” López said in Spanish. “To bring something that pleases the people to my community has been an honor, a challenge. But a great honor.” Advertisement ",1408,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885999078,2021-03-23 00:01:07,What We Learned From the First Weekend of the N.C.A.A. Basketball Men’s Tournament,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/sports/ncaa-mens-basketball-tournament-sweet-16-preview.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by The Big Ten’s teams have faltered, the Pac-12’s have excelled and the upsets have been steady. Send any friend a story As the tournament moves toward the Sweet 16 on Saturday and the start of the Elite Eight on Monday, here’s what we have learned so far: Gonzaga, the top seed over all, averaged 92.5 points in its two games — a 43-point win over Norfolk State and a 16-point win over Oklahoma — as it advanced to the round of 16 for the sixth consecutive season under Coach Mark Few. Gonzaga will next face No. 5-seeded Creighton, which beat No. 13-seeded Ohio, 72-58, on Monday. But whoever the Bulldogs meet the rest of the way will have their hands full with Gonzaga’s high-octane offense. In wins this season over ranked opponents — Kansas, Iowa, West Virginia and Virginia — the Bulldogs averaged 96.5 points while allowing an average of just under 84. “Would be an interesting final game if it turns out that way, for sure.” Drew Timme, who scored 30 points against Oklahoma, and the Bulldogs are on a mission and don’t want to be tripped up like Illinois, Iowa and Ohio State, all of which did not make it to the second weekend of the tournament. “We’ve got a lot of things we can work on,” he said. “We’re not satisfied with this. This is not the end goal. We’re excited for the next challenge that presents itself.” Coming into the tournament, there were high hopes for the Big Ten to have several teams make deep runs as the conference looked to win its first N.C.A.A. championship since Michigan State triumphed in 2000. The Big Ten had nine schools in the 68-team field, including two No. 1 seeds in Illinois and Michigan, and two No. 2 seeds in Iowa and Ohio State. But after the second round, only Michigan remained. The Wolverines beat Louisiana State, 86-78, on Monday, but No. 10-seeded Maryland lost, 96-77, to Alabama. Michigan State lost a First Four game to U.C.L.A. on Thursday, and Ohio State was upset by No. 15 Oral Roberts the next day. On Sunday, Illinois was outplayed by No. 8-seeded Loyola-Chicago, with 101-year-old Sister Jean Dolores Schmidt looking on from the stands. Afterward, Illinois Coach Brad Underwood, whose team won the Big Ten tournament championship, was left to summarize his team’s season after an early exit. “You can’t lose sight of the Big Ten championship,” he said. “You can’t lose sight of the 19 games we won against Big Ten opponents. You can’t lose sight of the growth that this team made through the season.” Nobody thought much of the Pac-12 coming into the tournament. The so-called conference of champions didn’t have a team ranked in the top 20 of the latest Associated Press poll, but through Monday the league’s five teams in the tournament were 9-1. Colorado took the Pac-12’s only loss, 71-53, to Florida State on Monday night. Oregon State, the Pac-12 tournament champion, outplayed Oklahoma State and the projected No. 1 N.B.A. draft pick Cade Cunningham, 80-70, on Sunday night. U.C.L.A., which lost four straight games before the tournament, has now beaten Michigan State, Brigham Young and Abilene Christian to become the fifth team to advance to the round of 16 from the First Four. “You’re finding out the Pac-12 not being ranked all year was an absolute joke,” U.C.L.A. Coach Mick Cronin said. “And some people ought to be ashamed of themselves now. Maybe people can’t stay up late because I can’t, either. So maybe people can’t stay up for our games.” Virginia Commonwealth became the first team forced to drop out because of coronavirus issues, a brutal end to the season for the players who dreamed of getting to the tournament. Coach Mike Rhoades called the outcome devastating and said that “there were no dry eyes.” “We’ve lost two basketball games to this,” he said, referring to the cancellation of the tournament last year. Virginia, Kansas, Oklahoma and Georgia Tech also dealt with positive coronavirus tests. Virginia didn’t lose any players, but after not playing for nine days the Cavaliers lost to a 13th-seeded Ohio team led by guard Jason Preston in the first round. Georgia Tech lost its first-round game to Loyola-Chicago while playing without Moses Wright, the Atlantic Coast Conference player of the year, who had tested positive. Oklahoma won its first game without the star guard De’Vion Harmon, then lost to Gonzaga. Kansas defeated Eastern Washington in the first round despite playing without Jalen Wilson, its leading rebounder, and the reserve guard Tristan Enaruna. Because the tournament was canceled last year because of the pandemic, it had been two years since anyone enjoyed March Madness. Fans were immediately reminded why this event is considered by some to be the best on the sports calendar. Nine double-digit seeds advanced to the second round, including a No. 15 in Oral Roberts, a No. 14 in Abilene Christian and two No. 13s in Ohio and North Texas. U.C.L.A. and Syracuse, both No. 11 seeds, advanced to the Sweet 16. The Orange have now won nine games across three tournaments as a double-digit seed. Mighty Texas, coming off winning the Big 12 tournament, lost to Abilene Christian, a Southland Conference program that had never won a game in the N.C.A.A. tournament and had been playing at the Division I level for only eight years after a mediocre Division II history. “We were the worst D-I team in the country, and we just beat the University of Texas,” Wildcats Coach Joe Golding said. The losers had to confront the stark reality of a sudden end to the season — and, for some, their careers. “It doesn’t feel real,” Texas senior point guard Matt Coleman III said. “I feel like I’m going to wake up from a bad dream.” Kentucky and Duke — and their bushel full of one-and-done prospects — are at home watching the tournament, the first time since 1976 that both schools missed the event. While both teams acutely felt the effects of having young rosters navigating an untraditional preseason, older, more experienced teams are carrying the day in March. And in many cases, transfers have played a key role. Several of Oregon’s starters came from other schools, with Eugene Omoruyi (Rutgers), LJ Figueroa (St. John’s) and Chris Duarte (Northwest Florida State College) combining for 61 points in the victory over Iowa. Oregon State’s Maurice Calloo, who transferred from Oklahoma State, scored 15 points in a win over his former team. The Kentucky transfer Johnny Juzang has excelled at U.C.L.A., averaging 22.3 points in three wins. Gonzaga features the Florida transfer Andrew Nembhard, Baylor relies on former Presbyterian guard Adam Flagler and Villanova now has the Tulane transfer Caleb Daniels running the point after losing starting point guard Collin Gillespie to injury during the Big East tournament. Several teams have Ivy League graduate transfers playing key roles, like Michigan point guard Mike Smith (Columbia) and Alabama forward Jordan Bruner (Yale). Advertisement ",1171,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886001397,2021-03-23 00:06:22,Today in History for March 23rd,http://rssfeeds.usatoday.com/~/647401034/0/usatodaycomnation-topstories~Today-in-History-for-March-rd/,en,False,,4,USA Today,http://www.usatoday.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886001390,2021-03-23 00:28:07,Police: 10 killed in Colorado supermarket shooting,http://rssfeeds.usatoday.com/~/647401728/0/usatodaycomnation-topstories~Police-killed-in-Colorado-supermarket-shooting/,en,False,,4,USA Today,http://www.usatoday.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886001619,2021-03-23 00:58:13,"Evanston, Illinois first in US to pay reparations to Blacks",https://www.foxnews.com/politics/evanston-first-in-us-to-pay-reparations,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. The plan, which could be the first of its kind in the U.S., is to distribute $400,000 to eligible Black households. The Associated Press reported that qualifying households in the city of 73,000 would be eligible to receive $25,000 for home repairs or down payments on property. Ald. Robin Rue Simmons, the lawmaker who proposed the initiative back in 2019, called the approval a first step but said more needs to be done. The funding for the program will come from the 3% tax on the sale of recreational marijuana and donations. The city expects to spend about $10 million over 10 years. Qualifying residents must either have lived in or been a direct descendant of a Black person who lived in Evanston between 1919 to 1969 and who suffered discrimination in housing because of city ordinances, policies or practices. Simmons said pro-reparations groups have offered pro-bono legal assistance if the program is challenged in court. The City Council acted after dozens of citizens addressed the body and the plan received some pushback from several. Alderman Cicely Fleming, the lone vote against the plan, said she supports reparations, but what the City Council was debating is a housing plan that is being called reparations. She said the people should dictate the terms of how their grievances are repaired. Fleming described the program as paternalistic, and it assumes Black people can’t manage their own money. Hundreds of communities and organizations across the country are considering providing reparations to Black people. They range from the state of California to cities like Amherst, Massachusetts, Providence, Rhode Island, Asheville, North Carolina, and Iowa City, Iowa; religious denominations like the Episcopal Church; and prominent colleges like Georgetown University in Washington. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP ""He certainly would support a study of reparations. He understands we don’t need a study to take action right now on systemic racism, so he wants to take actions within his own government in the meantime,"" she said. Fox News' Sam Dorman and The Associated Press contributed to this report Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inbox Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! ",380,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886001790,2021-03-23 00:38:55,"As young people itch to leave lockdown, British health leaders face a new challenge: Influencers",http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/LBreShNbDF0/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886001786,2021-03-23 01:01:32,Trump's army takes aim at 2022 touting his election lies,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/pT7bT-_GAWA/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886001779,2021-03-23 00:27:07,Analysis: Why Republican voter restrictions are a race against time,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/pa5ZfX618aw/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,"They are staring down the freight train of change and they are very afraid of it, and they are trying to put down every single roadblock they can think of. Randy Perez, program director, Voting Rights Lab These systems, especially voter registration, are purposefully, intentionally designed to disenfranchise those groups. The system is working as it is intended and designed. H. Drew Galloway, executive director, MOVE Texas Let's not be coy with this: When Texas changes, the whole electoral map resets. This is the last stronghold of power for conservatism, and if it goes, they would have to rewrite their whole playback, their whole everything, so they are going to hold on and push back as hard as they can in the state of Texas. Crystal Zermeño, director of electoral strategy, Texas Organizing Project ",135,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886001776,2021-03-23 00:51:32.722895,Colorado governor says 'today we saw the face of evil',http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/B_kkc4_3-k0/h_d97fb015748f2d53174cc11698a12cfb,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,"Colorado Gov. Jared Polis said his state was mourning the ""senseless killing"" of 10 people who died in a mass shooting at a supermarket in Boulder Monday.  “Today we saw the face of evil. I am grieving with my community and all Coloradans,” the governor said. Polis posted his statement to Twitter. Read it here: From CNN's Dianne Gallagher and Joe Sutton  Former Arizona Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords, a gun control advocate and mass shooting survivor, said Monday's shooting in Colorado was yet another reminder that ""It’s beyond time for our leaders to take action"" to address gun control.  The investigation into Monday's shooting at the King Soopers supermarket in Boulder was “very complex,” and would take no less than five days to complete, Boulder Police Chief Maris Herold said. Ten people, including Boulder police officer Eric Talley, 51, were killed in the shooting, according to police. The suspect was taken into custody and is being treated for injuries, officials said. Michael Dougherty, district attorney for Boulder County, said local, state, and federal partners will share in the investigation as well as prosecutors from the US Attorney’s Office. Dougherty promised the families of the victims that he would do everything he could ""to get justice in this case."" Acting US Attorney for the District of Colorado Matthew Kirsch said Dougherty would be supported by ""the full weight of federal law enforcement.""  Police officer Eric Talley, who was killed in the shooting at the King Soopers supermarket, was ""by all accounts, one of the outstanding officers of the Boulder Police Department,"" Boulder District Attorney Michael Dougherty said. Talley, 51, had been with the department since 2010, serving in numerous roles,  Boulder Police Chief Maris Herold said. He was the first officer on the scene at the shooting, and his actions were ""nothing short of heroic,"" Herold said. Authorities in Boulder, Colorado, held a late-night news conference to provide updates on the shooting at King Soopers supermarket. Here's what they said: From CNN's Leinz Vales Hickenlooper went on to describe how former President Barack Obama handled a mass shooting at a movie theater in Aurora, Colorado that left 12 people dead and 70 injured on July 20, 2012.  ""I remember President Obama came out to Aurora and spent several hours with the families and closest friends of the deceased victims,"" Hickenlooper said. ""At the end he told me it's a part of his job, he's consoler in chief."" From CNN's Josiah Ryan  The Boulder police officer who was fatally shot at the King Soopers supermarket today  was identified as Eric Talley by Boulder Police Chief Maris Herold. Talley was the first officer to respond at the scene, according to Herold.  He was 51 years old and had served with the Boulder Police Department since 2010, Herold said.  From CNN's Leinz Vales Michael Dougherty, the district attorney for Boulder County, promised the families of the victims of the shooting at a King Soopers in Boulder, Colorado, that he will do everything he  can ""to get justice in this case."" ""I hope that people of this country send the families of the loved ones their thoughts and prayers. But from my perspective, there's more for us to do than give them thoughts and prayers. We're going to go all out to ensure the right result is reached,"" he added. From CNN's Josiah Ryan  Ten people were killed in the shooting at King Soopers supermarket, including a Boulder police officer who was fatally shot, Boulder Police Chief Maris Herold said at a news conference this evening. The police chief went on to say that she understood there is a great demand for information about the shooting, and pledged her department would work as quickly as possible to make facts known to the public.  Watch:  Please enable JavaScript for a better experience. ",642,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886002144,2021-03-23 12:32:41,Why the Mutated Coronavirus Variants Are So Worrisome,https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/why-themutated-coronavirus-variants-are-soworrisome/2021/03/23/68c139cc-8b8e-11eb-a33e-da28941cb9ac_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_business,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"Viruses mutate all the time, including the coronavirus that’s caused the global Covid-19 pandemic. Although most of the changes are innocuous, several mutants have sparked alarm, and three variants that emerged in the U.K., South Africa and Brazil have caused particular concern. Studies suggest they are more contagious, and some evidence points to one of them being more deadly and another driving reinfections. Vaccine developers are working on new versions after early data from South Africa indicated AstraZeneca Plc’s inoculation was less effective against the variant circulating there. 1. What’s a variant? During replication, a virus often undergoes genetic mutations that may create what are called variants. Some mutations weaken the virus; others may yield some advantage that enables the variant to proliferate. Variants with distinctly different physical characteristics may be co-termed a strain. A variant that deviates significantly from its viral ancestors may be identified as a new lineage, or branch on the evolutionary tree. In general discourse, however, the terms are often used interchangeably. 2. What are the most worrisome variants? The World Health Organization uses the term “variants of concern” to signify strains that pose additional risks to public health, and “emerging variants of interest” for those that warrant close monitoring because of their potential risk. These have been assigned names or codes by the various research groups and public health agencies investigating them. So far, the WHO has identified three variants of concern and one variant of interest. These are: • The variant that emerged in England in September, B.1.1.7, contributed to a surge in cases that sent the U.K. back into lockdown in January. Other countries followed, particularly in Europe. Health officials have warned the strain could become dominant in the U.S.; President Joe Biden toughened rules in his first days in office to try to contain it. • In southern Africa, hospitals faced pressure from a resurgence driven by another variant, 501Y.V2. • Brazilian researchers, meanwhile, have warned that a so-called P.1 variant spotted in Manaus, Amazonas state, in December may have driven a surge in cases that strained the health system and led to oxygen shortages. Researchers in Los Angeles reported a novel strain, denoted as CAL.20C in June 2020, that was linked to a late-year surge of coronavirus cases in Southern California. Preliminary research indicates it’s slightly more transmissible and may moderately resist antibodies generated from a previous SARS-CoV-2 infection, the WHO said on March 16. By then, the strain had been detected in all U.S. states and at least 26 other countries. It’s deemed a variant of concern by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which additionally identified two New York strains (B.1.525 and B.1.526) and one first detected in Brazil (P.2) as variants of interest, though less is known about them. 3. How quickly have the strains spread? Rapidly, aided by year-end holidays traditionally associated with increased family and social mixing. As of March 16, imported cases or community transmission of the B.1.1.7 variant from the U.K. had been reported in 118 countries, according to the WHO. In the U.S., scientists estimated that infections caused by B.1.1.7 were doubling every 10 days. As of March 16, scientists have found the 501Y.V2 variant that first appeared in South Africa in early August in 64 countries, while 38 countries are reported to have detected the P.1 variant first seen in Brazil, according to the WHO. Insufficient surveillance in most countries, including the U.S., has obscured recognition of variants circulating in many places. 4. What are the concerns with these variants? Broadly, they pose different concerns of varying degrees. These relate to their: • Transmissibility, or propensity to spread • The severity of illness they cause • Neutralization capacity, or the likelihood they will infect people who have recovered from a previous bout of Covid-19, and • Potential impact on vaccination through their ability to evade the protection that immunizations are designed to generate The World Health Organization’s March 9 assessment is summarized below: 5. How are the variants increasing transmission? They appear to have some advantage over other versions that has enabled them to quickly predominate, although factors such as people congregating indoors more in colder weather may also contribute to spread. The U.K. strain has acquired 17 mutations compared with its most recent ancestor -- a faster rate of change than scientists typically observe. A U.K. advisory group said in December that the B.1.1.7 lineage may result in an increase in the basic reproduction number, or R0 (the average number of new infections estimated to stem from a single case) in the range of 0.39 to 0.93 -- a “substantial increase.” The international spread of these variants has also helped drive a rebound in Covid-19, with the number of new cases reported worldwide increasing each week since mid-February. U.S. health officials said in late March that a variant-induced resurgence of cases in some regions could augur a long-feared possibility: That another surge could occur even as states are flinging open vaccine eligibility criteria, trying to get shots in arms as quickly as possible. 6. How many mutations are there? Many thousands of mutations and distinct lineages have arisen in the SARS-CoV-2 genome since the virus emerged in late 2019. A variant with a so-called D614G mutation emerged in early 2020. By June, it had replaced the initial strain identified in China to become the dominant form of the virus circulating globally. Months later, a novel variant linked to farmed mink was identified in a dozen patients in North Jutland, Denmark, but doesn’t appear to have spread widely. As SARS-CoV-2 continues to circulate, more mutations will arise, potentially leading to more variants. 7. Are some mutations more important? Yes. Scientists pay most attention to mutations in the gene that encodes the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein, which plays a key role in viral entry into cells. Targeted by vaccines, this protein influences immunity and vaccine efficacy. The B.1.1.7, 501Y.V2, and P.1 variants all carry multiple mutations affecting the spike protein. That raises questions about whether people who have developed antibodies to the “regular” strain -- either from a vaccine or from having recovered from Covid-19 -- will be able to fight off the new variants. 8. What do we know so far? In January Public Health England found those previously infected with the “regular” coronavirus are likely to mount an effective antibody response against the B.1.1.7 variant. But the same month the first known instance of a recovered Covid-19 patient being reinfected with the P.1 variant was reported in Brazil. That strain has several key mutations in common with the 501Y.V2 strain from South Africa, that was associated with some 4,000 reinfections in people who had already experienced Covid-19 in an earlier epidemic. In a Jan. 28 editorial in the Journal of the American Medical Association, virologist John P. Moore and vaccinologist Paul Offit described the 501Y.V2 variant as “more troubling” because of its potential for reducing vaccine efficacy, due to its particular spike-protein mutations. 9. How effective will vaccines be? Data are emerging, and no clinical studies have directly compared different vaccine types and their ability to protect against the new strains. Overall, 10 vaccines have proved effective in clinical trials at preventing severe disease and death from Covid-19. The studies suggest, however, that some may not be as good at stopping less severe illness in countries where particular variants predominate. Notably: • Shots from both Novavax Inc. and Johnson & Johnson showed lower efficacy in South Africa compared with other countries. • South Africa announced plans in early February to halt its rollout of the AstraZeneca vaccine. An interim analysis of clinical trial results there found two doses of the vaccine didn’t protect recipients against mild-to-moderate Covid-19 from the 501Y.V2 variant, though researchers speculated that the regimen might still protect against severe illness. A WHO advisory panel cautioned that the 21-to-35-day interval between the first and second doses isn’t optimal for inducing immunity and larger studies are needed. • A study published Feb. 24 of almost 1.2 million people in Israel, which has inoculated a higher percentage of its population than any other country, estimated that the Pfizer Inc.-BioNTech SE vaccine was 92% effective in preventing all infections. By the end of the surveyed time period, as many as four-fifths of the infections in Israel were caused by the B.1.1.7 variant first identified in the U.K. • Scientists at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle found a single jab of either the Moderna or Pfizer-BioNTech shot bolstered the immune response in 10 patients who had recovered from a SARS-CoV-2 infection early in the pandemic. The concentration of neutralizing antibodies in the recipients’ blood increased about a thousand-fold, and they appeared potent against the 501Y.V2 variant first identified in South Africa. 10. What are drugmakers doing? Sarah Gilbert, a professor of vaccinology at the University of Oxford who conducted the initial research on the AstraZeneca vaccine, said that “efforts are underway to develop a new generation of vaccines that will allow protection to be redirected to emerging variants as booster jabs, if it turns out that it is necessary to do so.” The new shot could be ready for the fall, she told the BBC. Pfizer and its German partner BioNTech, as well as Moderna, have said their own results indicate their vaccines should still work against the strain detected in South Africa, despite the reduced potency. Nevertheless, Moderna said March 10 that it began testing modified Covid-19 vaccines, designed to address the potential need for booster vaccine candidates, in clinical trial participants. Pfizer and Novovax also have said they’re working on either a booster or combination shot. Such alterations aren’t unheard of -- it happens annually with seasonal flu, which evolves quickly. Unlike flu, coronaviruses have a genetic self-correcting mechanism that minimizes mutations. 11. Could different vaccines be used in combination? Potentially, yes. The Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations, or CEPI, announced in January as much as $140 million in funding for additional clinical research to optimize and extend the use of existing vaccines. This could include “mix-and-match” studies of different shots in combinations that may improve the quality and strength of the immune response. Such studies could be useful in optimizing the use of available inoculations, including the AstraZeneca shot, according to the WHO. 12. Are there any other implications? Yes, treatments and diagnostics could be affected. Researchers in South Africa found a theoretical risk that some antibodies being developed for therapeutic use could be ineffective against the 501Y.V2 variant prevalent there. But studies at Columbia University support tests by Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc. showing that its antibody cocktail, which was granted emergency-use authorization in the U.S. and administered to Donald Trump, is effective at neutralizing 501Y.V2 and the variant first identified in the U.K. Drugmakers are using combinations of antibodies that target separate features of SARS-CoV-2 to decrease the potential for so-called virus-escape mutants that could emerge in response to selective pressure from a single-antibody treatment. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has said new strains might undermine the performance of some PCR-based diagnostic tests. The impact, though, isn’t likely to be significant, according to the WHO. (Rewrites section 2 to include variants of interest; updates number of countries reporting variants in section 3.) ©2021 Bloomberg L.P. The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",1899,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886002202,2021-03-23 00:12:37,Australia's political culture in spotlight again as new report emerges of lewd acts in Parliament,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/CqDD5c5fwQA/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,Story from Reuters ,4,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886002199,2021-03-23 00:22:40,Canada's largest province says it's in the third wave  -- and officials worry the vaccine rollout may not happen fast enough,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/KIUPGPv7atg/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886002138,2021-03-23 01:01:59,Nearly 200 businesses urge Congress to pass paid family leave,https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2021/03/23/paid-family-leave-business-leaders/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_business,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"Annie Sartor, a senior director at the advocacy group PL+US (Paid Leave for the United States), said the pandemic may have helped turn the tide of public opinion — and shift political will — to address the need for additional protections for workers. White House prepares massive infrastructure bill with universal pre-k, free community college, climate measures When the group started in 2016, “it was pretty unheard of to see these really generous paid leave policies that are more common among employers now,” she said. “And then the pandemic hit and everything changed,” said Sartor, whose organization drafted the letter and coordinated the signature gathering. “This is the closest we’ve ever been to winning paid family and medical leave,” she said. “We have a White House that is embracing paid leave and knows it’s critical. We have a Congress that’s ready to act, and this is why frankly businesses are acting now. To have almost 200 companies come out and go on the record in support of a public policy position like paid leave is really unprecedented.” On Tuesday, Tom Manatos, vice president of government relations at Spotify, took to Twitter to voice support for paid leave. The streaming service was one of several tech companies that joined the campaign, including Salesforce, Pinterest and Discord. Tech luminaries and celebrity business owners were also among the endorsers. JJ Abrams’ Bad Robot Productions, Gwyneth Paltrow of Goop, and Alexis Ohanian, the co-founder of Reddit and the husband of tennis champion Serena Williams, also signed on. The letter calls for Congress to create a “permanent paid family and medical leave policy,” but it does not offer specifics. Sartor said that it was intentionally left broad but that the group wanted paid leave to address three key areas: leave for parents surrounding the birth of a child or an adoption, for people taking time to care for a sick family member, and personal sick and medical leave. “Making paid leave a reality for all Americans is an economic necessity,” Senate Majority Leader Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.), said in a statement to The Washington Post. “Not having to choose between your job and taking care of a new child or a sick family member would be a real breakthrough for everyday Americans.” Previous efforts on Capitol Hill to advance more robust paid leave aimed to grant workers as much as 12 weeks of paid time off to recover from illness or childbirth, or to provide care for a loved one. Advocates also have pointed to the ability of paid-leave programs to address inequality in the workforce, as women, people of color and low-wage earners are disproportionately locked out of existing paid-leave programs. “We don’t see it as a political issue. We see it as an equality issue,” said Laura Watt, an executive vice president at beverage producer Diageo North America, one of the letter’s signatories. “We just believe it’s the right thing to do: It levels the playing field and gives everyone the same opportunities.” The company offers its employees six months of parental leave and has given employees time off to vote, care for family members during the pandemic and get vaccinated. PL+US representatives say leave protections should be included in infrastructure legislation because “care infrastructure” supports a person’s ability to work and be productive, much as subways and roads do. White House press secretary Jen Psaki said in a statement Monday that the administration had not decided on its next step for future economic proposals. Congressional Republicans are unlikely to get behind trillions in additional spending or the tax increases that the administration is considering to fund its domestic priorities. But following public outcry and heightened attention on the issue at the start of the pandemic, Congress passed guaranteed sick- and family-leave provisions. The legislation provided workers with two weeks of fully paid sick leave and an additional 12 weeks at two-thirds of pay to take care of a child whose school or child care was closed. But the policy was riddled with restrictions — it did not apply to workers at most medical providers, for example, or companies with fewer than 50 or more than 500 employees. Still, the policy was by many accounts effective. The policy also turned out to be significantly less costly for the government than initially projected. But the provisions were largely sloughed off from the stimulus measure passed in December after months of tedious partisan battles over the legislation. Republicans, including former senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, had expressed opposition to the sick-pay provision, with Alexander saying he did not agree with the way it was funded. The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",787,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886002193,2021-03-23 01:02:04,Weary Israelis head to polls for fourth election in two years,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/-ul8wstt-3g/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,"By Andrew Carey, CNN ",5,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886002314,2021-03-23 01:03:50,Tucker Carlson: Biden administration has lost control of border -- and some Republicans still want amnesty,https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/tucker-biden-lost-border-control-republicans-amnesty,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"'Tucker Carlson Tonight' host examines how the president lost control of the southern border The overwhelming majority of these foreign nationals will remain here permanently. If the Democratic Party has its way, they will become citizens and registered voters. It's hard to comprehend just how big those numbers are. We've never seen demographic change like this. It's roughly the equivalent of a brand new Chicago every year, except a Chicago populated entirely by poor people with limited education who can't speak English. You're not supposed to say any of that, but so what? It's true. The question is, how is it good for America? We live in a deeply fractured country on the cusp of an economic crisis. So how will an unprecedented surge of millions of low-skilled foreign nationals strengthen the American economy? How will it unite our society, which badly needs it? We'd love to hear someone answer these questions calmly and at length, since they're the only questions that matter. Spare us the lecture about how opposing open borders is racist, while you're at it. The all-Hispanic counties of South Texas don't like open borders either. They made that very clear in the way they voted in November. The people responsible for this crisis don't want to talk about it and they don't want you to ask questions. If you do, they'll denounce you for attacking immigrants. Please. SQUAD MEMBER ILHAN OMAR TO JOIN DEMS ON BORDER VISIT AMID BURGEONING CRISIS Nobody thinks it's the immigrants' fault. You can't blame poor people for wanting to come here. Who wouldn't come? Free education, free health care, clean streets, safety. You'd have to be crazy not to leave Guatemala for Texas. So of course they come. The people streaming across the border want better lives for their families, and no one can hate them for that, least of all us. The people to blame are the reckless ideologues who caused this disaster. Joe Biden tops that list. Biden wanted this to happen. He said so out loud at a Democratic debate. JOE BIDEN, SEPTEMBER 2019: I would, in fact, make sure that there is, we immediately surge to the border all those people seeking asylum. They deserve to be heard. That's who we are. We're a nation says, ""If you want to flee and you're fleeing oppression, you should come."" ""You should come,"" said Joe Biden to millions of the world's poorest people. Joe Biden promised them the world's best medical care for free. He pledged not to deport anyone. He told them they would make better Americans than the Americans who were born here. And, of course, they heard him. The moment Joe Biden took office, many thousands began the journey north. Some of them arrived at the border wearing Joe Biden T-shirts and demanding to be let in. They are happy to explain why they came. MARTHA RADDATZ, ABC NEWS: This father, who asked that we not show his face, traveled to Mexico from Brazil with his wife and three young kids before crossing the border.  RADDATZ TO MIGRANT: Would you have tried to do this when Donald Trump was president?  MIGRANT: Definitely not.  RADDATZ: So did you come here because Joe Biden was elected president? MIGRANT: Basically, basically, the main thing was the violence in my country. And the second thing I think was Joe Biden. BIDEN ADMIN IGNORED WARNING SIGNS THAT BORDER COULD SPIRAL INTO CRISIS They're running from collapsing countries and running toward Joe Biden. You could have seen this coming. Senior officials at CBP did see it coming, and they warned the White House that a human disaster was on the way. The policies changed and the rest of the world responded. You knew it was going to happen. But the Biden administration ignored them and then it doubled down, announcing a mass amnesty and an end to the deportation of unaccompanied minors. Any young person who entered our country alone would be allowed to stay. So, not surprisingly, many of them came. As of Monday night, there are over 15,000 so-called unaccompanied minors in U.S. custody, waiting to be processed. Not all of them are children or even minors. At least 5,000 of them are teenagers, up to at least the age of 17. There's no real way to know how old they are or even who they are, because that's the nature of illegal immigration and that's why functional countries use visas. Once again, this is a human tragedy for everyone involved – the migrants making their way through Mexico, which hates them and mistreats them, and those of us who live here. What's amazing is that even as this crisis appeared on the horizon, the Biden administration seemed totally unprepared for it. They turned out to be even more incompetent than they look. As of Monday night, there are no more beds in border facilities. We have long passed the point of not enough. On Monday, DHS announced plans to turn the San Diego Convention Center into a migrant shelter. Other migrants will be given hotel rooms. According to Axios, the administration plans to spend at least $90 million on lodging for people coming here illegally. Think about that: At a time when there are more than half a million Americans living on the streets – a crushing number that our leaders ignore, but that rises every single year – at that moment, Joe Biden is giving hotel rooms to illegal aliens. It's hard to believe that it's real, but it is real. BIDEN HHS TO TURN SAN DIEGO CONVENTION CENTER INTO MIGRANT SHELTER Those migrants who can't get a hotel room or live in downtown San Diego or fly at public expense to processing facilities on the Canadian border are simply being released into the country. This is what open borders actually looks like. Chaos. How chaotic is it? We can only see the outlines of it because the Biden administration is keeping journalists at a distance. They don't want the public to see too much. Their excuse, of course, is COVID. It always is. CHUCK TODD, NBC ""MEET THE PRESS"": Right now, we have no access to or photos of the conditions in the facilities. There have been no ride-alongs with agents. All inquiries are routed through Washington. There have been strict controls on sharing data. Local Border Patrol folks feel like they can't even talk to our folks down there. Is there a gag order?  DHS SECRETARY ALEJANDRO MAYORKAS: There is not. That is unequivocally false, Chuck, and let's be clear here. We are in the midst of a pandemic. We are, because of the extraordinary leadership of the president, climbing out of it more rapidly than ever before. But we are still in the midst of the pandemic. Oh, so there's a pandemic, and that means Border Patrol agents can't do phone interviews, right? So here you have the administration telling journalists that there's a once-in-a-lifetime news event underway, something that will change this country forever, but they're not allowed to cover it. ""Sorry, your cameras might hurt us politically."" MAYORKAS BLAMES MIGRANT SURGE ON TRUMP ADMIN, NOT BIDEN POLICIES How can the press corps reply to this? This is the president they wanted and worked for, and reporters who spent the last four years pushing with increasing hysteria for media censorship. So it's not as if they can stand on principle and demand openness. They wanted fascism and they got it. Still, you'd think someone at NBC might laugh when Majorca cited COVID. Really? Isn't this the same guy who's been releasing illegal migrants into our country without even testing them for coronavirus? Yes, it is.  MAYORKAS, MARCH 17: There were times earlier when individuals were apprehended and we sought to expel them and we were unable to expel them and we were compelled to release them and we did not have the opportunity to test them. Somehow, nobody in the press corps thought to note the irony of that. The guy who's releasing migrants illegally into our country without even testing them for COVID is using COVID as a pretext for keeping the press from knowing what they're actually doing. No one mentioned it. Nor, for that matter, does anyone in Washington yell about kids in cages anymore. Remember kids in cages? For a long time, it was all they could talk about. They just kept repeating it. As always, it was the ultimate civil rights atrocity.  So how are those kids doing under the Joe Biden administration? We can't answer that question with any certainty, because as we just told you, they are blocking our cameras. We're not allowed to see what they don't want us to see. But thanks to Rep. Henry Cuellar, D-Texas, a surprising hero in this story, we do have a few photographs of detention facilities taken from the inside. You can't see cages exactly, but there are a lot of young people living in what appear to be cellophane cells. Is that an improvement? It's hard to see how it is. Joe Biden doesn't seem all that interested either way. Sunday, he suggested he'll get to the border at some point.  REPORTER: Are you thinking of going to the border?  BIDEN: At some point, I will.  REPORTER: Do you want to see firsthand what's going on in those facilities? BIDEN: I know what's going on in those facilities.  Nancy Pelosi isn't scurrying down to South Texas either. She doesn't need to, she knows how great illegal immigrants are. They work in her vineyard in Napa. They work cheap and they're good people. In fact, they're far better people than you are. PELOSI, MARCH 18: When they come here with their hopes and dreams and aspirations, these parents bringing their children [and] their hopes and dreams and aspirations for a better future for their children, that courage, that determination, those aspirations are American traits. They all make America more American with all of that. And they are true and legitimate heirs, these Dreamers are, of our Founders. If you set up a system where people don't get to run stuff until they're really old and so rich they have no connection to the country itself, having lived in complete isolation for decades, a system like that produces people like Nancy Pelosi saying things like what you just read.  Foreign nationals who break our laws are the ""true and legitimate heirs"" of America. In other words, it's not your country, it's theirs. And why wouldn't she feel that way? Migrants work cheap. They don't complain or form unions or go on disability or celebrate all those stupid holidays like you do. They're grateful for the chance, not the Farm Workforce Modernization Act, which would give amnesty to at least a million immigrants who are here illegally as long as they can prove that they've worked in agriculture for just 180 days over the previous two years. That's the price of citizenship: 180 days working in agriculture. It's gotten cheaper over time. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The amazing thing is that 30 House Republicans voted for that bill. Why? You know why. Lobbyists for cheap labor got to them. That's just one amnesty bill that Republicans are backing. Yet another, introduced by Rep. Maria Elvira Salazar, R-Fla. – a favorite of House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy's – would provide recipients with ""immediate legal status"" and a pathway forward to citizenship. Over in the Senate, meanwhile, Sen. Rick Scott, R-Fla., is trying something very similar. He's preparing to introduce a bill to give millions of people here illegally amnesty and work permits. Now, for the people getting those benefits, this is very good news. But how does it help you and your neighbors as the country that we grew up in teeters on its foundations? No one seems even to be asking that question because nobody cares. This article is adapted from Tucker Carlson's opening commentary on the March 22, 2021, edition of ""Tucker Carlson Tonight."" Get the recap of top opinion commentary and original content throughout the week. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! ",1988,,,,,,,,,,,,
1885989994,2021-03-23 00:35:13,What to Know About the Colorado Grocery Store Shooting,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/us/boulder-shooting-what-we-know.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by Ten people were killed in the attack at a supermarket in Boulder, including a police officer, the authorities said. Send any friend a story Here is what we know about the rampage. Ryan Borowski, a licensed massage therapist who lives on the other side of Boulder, said in an interview that he had stopped to buy a soda, chips and possibly ice cream at the supermarket when the shooting began. “I just second-thought it and said, ‘No, I don’t need ice cream,’” he said. “That’s when I heard the gunshots.” About six hours after the shooting, the Boulder police chief, Maris Herold, announced that 10 people had been killed, including a police officer. “These were people going about their day, doing their food shopping, and their lives were cut abruptly and tragically short by the shooter, who is now in custody,” Michael Dougherty, the Boulder County district attorney, said at a news conference on Monday night. The authorities identified the nine additional victims as Denny Stong, 20; Neven Stanisic, 23; Rikki Olds, 25; Tralona Bartkowiak, 49; Suzanne Fountain, 59; Teri Leiker, 51; Kevin Mahoney, 61; Lynn Murray, 62; and Jody Waters, 65. Chief Herold identified the suspect as Ahmad Al Aliwi Alissa of Arvada, a suburb of Denver about 20 miles from Boulder. Mr. Alissa will be held in jail without bond. His charges carry a penalty of life imprisonment without parole. During the hearing, prosecutors said they expected to file more charges against Mr. Alissa. Officials said they had two encounters in 2018 with Mr. Alissa — one on a report of third-degree assault, a misdemeanor, and one of criminal mischief. Law enforcement officials said he was known to the F.B.I. because he had ties to someone the bureau was investigating. “As a state, as a nation, we really need to look out for one another,” Mr. Polis said. Advertisement ",315,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886002433,2021-03-23 00:25:11,"From the Archives: ""The Search in Mississippi""",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/from-the-archives-the-search-in-mississippi/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886002430,2021-03-23 00:26:13,MoneyWatch: FedEx charged with distributing prescription drugs; Malaysia Airlines crash sends stocks tumbling,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/moneywatch-fedex-charged-with-distributing-prescription-drugs-malaysia-airlines-crash-sends-stocks-tumbling/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. ,19,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886002426,2021-03-23 00:27:11,Plane down in Ukraine; Israel-Gaza War,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/plane-down-in-ukraine-israel-gaza-war-1/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886002423,2021-03-23 00:29:10,Families of MH17 victims desperately wait to visit crash site,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/families-of-mh17-victims-desperately-wait-to-visit-crash-site/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886002418,2021-03-23 00:30:12,"Suspected missile hits Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, kills 298",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/suspected-missile-hits-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-kills-298/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886002415,2021-03-23 00:31:12,Hillary Clinton on U.S. response to Malaysia Airlines crash,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/hillary-clinton-on-u-s-response-to-malaysia-airlines-crash/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886002408,2021-03-23 00:39:10,Gov. Chris Christie talks potential presidential bid in Iowa,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/gov-chris-christie-talks-potential-presidential-bid-in-iowa/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886002399,2021-03-23 00:58:56,Lakers legend Elgin Baylor has died at 86,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/lakers-legend-elgin-baylor-has-died-at-86/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886002411,2021-03-23 00:38:11,Grandson shaves beard for grandma's 100th birthday,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/grandson-shaves-beard-for-grandmas-100th-birthday-plus-more-of-the-weeks-best-viral-videos/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886002396,2021-03-23 01:00:11,Chef Bradley Ogden discusses the challenges of managing multiple restaurants,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/chef-bradley-ogden-discusses-the-challenges-of-managing-multiple-restaurants/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886003254,2021-03-23 00:15:01,Michaela Onyenwere leads UCLA to blowout win over Wyoming in NCAA tournament opener,https://www.latimes.com/sports/ucla/story/2021-03-22/michaela-onyenwere-leads-ucla-wyoming-ncaa-tournament,en,False,,6,LA Times,http://www.latimes.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886003135,2021-03-23 01:13:12,Remembering the victims of Flight 17,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-remembering-the-victims-of-flight-17/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886003134,2021-03-23 01:14:11,"Searching for Palestinian rockets, Israel continues Gaza bombardment",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/searching-for-palestinian-rockets-israel-continues-gaza-bombardment/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886003251,2021-03-23 00:54:53,Tyronn Lue gets tough and challenges Clippers in big comeback win over Hawks,https://www.latimes.com/sports/clippers/story/2021-03-22/tyronn-lue-clippers-starters-atlanta-hawks-nba,en,False,,6,LA Times,http://www.latimes.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886005192,2021-03-23 00:25:26,Mexican cartel leader’s body left wrapped in plastic on park bench,https://news.yahoo.com/mexican-cartel-leader-body-left-042526346.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"Cartel boss Carlos Enrique Sanchez, ‘El Cholo’, appeared in a video shortly before found dead in a Mexico park  While not yet formally identified, signs pinned to the corpse with knives said in Spanish, ""the traitor El Cholo"", the nickname for Carlos Enrique Sanchez. The ensuing war for control of Guadalajara's drug trade led to an escalation of violence in the city. The body was found in Jardin Hidalgo in the city of Tlaquepaque, Jalisco, on Thursday, shortly after video emerged on YouTube of Sanchez handcuffed and surrounded by six masked and armed men as he took responsibility for the spate of violence in recent years. Read more: More than 1,000 arrests as Miami Beach parties descend into chaos Serial stowaway reveals how she snuck onto more than 30 flights without a ticket Putin responds to Biden ‘killer’ claim In the video, Sanchez also says he was working with the Mexican authorities against the Jalisco New Generation Cartel, naming Mexico City police officer Garcia Harfuch. Mr Harfuch, who has survived a shooting in 2020, denied the claims on Twitter, saying that statements made by a criminal kidnapped by other criminals were false. ""My commitment to society is firm, fighting crime to the last consequences,"" he said. Sobre un video en donde un delincuente secuestrado por otros delincuentes refiere comentarios sobre mi persona, reitero que no nos van a distraer mensajes falsos de los criminales. Mi compromiso con la sociedad es firme, combatir hasta las ultimas consecuencias a la delincuencia Sanchez said in the video that he also had the support of two Guadalajara police commanders, who were suspended following the video's release pending investigation. “This material confirms the existence of an orchestrated strategy to destabilise the state by an organised crime group,” he said. Asked whether claims by Sanchez in the video that there was favouritism among Guadalajara's police in the drug war were believable, one detective said ""totally."" “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family Markieff Morris: I love to see the hate! No doubt I took a hard foul which I always do but I've never hit a man with his back turned! Luckily we built different over here. I can take my licks and keep pushing. Joker 1 smooth 0 lol. Source: Twitter ... Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? The Patriots made three roster moves Monday that suggest more transactions could be coming ahead of Sunday's game against the Browns. Mayfield wished OBJ well personally but also made it clear he was happy with the Browns team now sans Beckham ",791,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886003245,2021-03-23 01:10:55,Trevor Bauer starts strong before hitting roadblock in Dodgers' loss,https://www.latimes.com/sports/dodgers/story/2021-03-22/trevor-bauer-starts-strong-dodgers-mariners-mlb,en,False,,6,LA Times,http://www.latimes.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886003132,2021-03-23 01:15:11,White House wants to make Putin squirm,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-white-house-wants-to-make-putin-squirm/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886010309,2021-03-23 01:21:22.901487,Merkel announces hard lockdown for Germany during Easter holidays,https://www.politico.eu/article/merkel-announces-hard-lockdown-for-germany-during-easter-holidays/,en,False,,18268,Politico,https://www.politico.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886003131,2021-03-23 01:16:12,Reflections on the deaths that haunted us this week,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-reflections-on-the-deaths-that-haunted-us-this-week/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886012657,2021-03-23 01:14:47,"Urban Dictionary turns Vox's Aaron 'Rupar' into a verb: 'To purposefully mislead,' 'mischaracterize' video",https://www.foxnews.com/media/urban-dictionary-vox-aaron-rupar,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"FOX News contributor discusses coverage of the Georgia spa killings on 'The Story' Rupar, who has long had a reputation of unabashedly sharing false information on Twitter to his more than 660,000 followers -- often to fuel outrage among liberals at the expense of conservatives -- even got the attention of Urban Dictionary, the popular website where the public submit definitions for new or slang terms.  On Saturday, Urban Dictionary unveiled the verb ""rupar."" VOX REPORTER'S MISLEADING FRAMING OF GEORGIA POLICE SPOKESMAN SHOWS UP IN CHINESE PROPAGANDA OUTLET ""To purposely mislead. To completely mischaracterize a statement or video by omitting context,"" the definition read.  It then listed an example: ""Q: Did you see that press conference of the racist police officer make excuses for that criminal?"" ""A: Hey, man, that clip was ruparred - the police officer was actually quoting the criminal.""  Rupar's misleading clip of Baker not only went viral, but it also went global, winding up in a Chinese propaganda outlet over the weekend. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP ""8 lives taken, 6 of them Asian. And the killer was just 'having a bad day'!,"" China Xinhua News tweeted. Rupar fought back against his critics by claiming that Baker paraphrasing the suspect in such a manner still merited criticism. Fox News' David Rutz contributed to this report.  Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inbox Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! ",240,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886011101,2021-03-23 00:12:10,Baidu has rallied 200% in the past year. Analysts bet it can keep going as it lists in Hong Kong,https://www.cnbc.com/2021/03/23/baidu-shares-debut-in-hong-kong-secondary-listing.html,en,False,,1755,CNBC,http://www.cnbc.com/,"In this article Unlike initial public offerings, secondary listings may not be greeted with massive first-day rallies as shares of the company are already trading on another exchange. But a turnaround, led by CEO Robin Li, has centered on convincing investors that the technology giant is a leader in artificial intelligence and autonomous driving in a bid to diversify its revenue stream beyond advertising. And that seems to paying off. But since the March 2020 low, shares have rallied over 200%. Baidu shares hit an all time high of $354.82 in February. ""I think EV (electric vehicles) is part of the story. At the same time, cloud computing, integrating AI, these are all the areas where Baidu has been investing in very heavily really since 2014 and we're just starting to see the fruits of those labors,"" Brendan Ahern, chief investment officer at KraneShares, told ""Squawk Box Asia"" on Tuesday. James Lee, U.S. and China internet analyst at Mizuho Securities, has a $350 price target on Baidu's U.S.-listed shares, which is 31% higher than Monday's closing price on Wall Street. He said that the autonomous driving business could be valued at $40 billion and that the Chinese government will continue to support this industry with favorable policies. Lee also said he expects Baidu's advertising business to continue to gain momentum in the first quarter of this year. ""We do like the fundamentals of the company and we continue to expect the Baidu shares will outperform the market,"" Lee told ""Street Signs Asia"" on Tuesday. Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. ",317,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886003130,2021-03-23 01:17:11,Wildfire plows through Washington,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/wildfire-plows-through-washington/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886003128,2021-03-23 01:19:12,Russia deflects blame for MH 17 shoot down,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-russia-deflects-blame-for-mh-17-shoot-down/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886003129,2021-03-23 01:18:13,MH17 crash scene: Volunteers look for remains,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-mh17-crash-scene-volunteers-look-for-remains/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886015894,2021-03-23 01:00:52,Covid-19: what happens next? – podcast,https://www.theguardian.com/world/audio/2021/mar/23/covid-19-what-happens-next,en,False,,623382,Guardian,http://www.theguardian.com/us,"On 23 March 2020, the UK prime minister, Boris Johnson, announced the first lockdown in response to the growing number of cases of Covid-19. At the same time, countries around the world began to close their schools, restaurants, and offices and ask citizens to physically distance from one another. In the 12 months since, more than 2 million people have died, viral variants have emerged, and we have developed safe and effective vaccines.  The Guardian is editorially independent.
                    And we want to keep our journalism open and accessible to all.
                    But we increasingly need our readers to fund our work.
                 ",156,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886015891,2021-03-23 01:00:52,Liquid gold: beekeepers defying Yemen war to produce the best honey,https://www.theguardian.com/world/2021/mar/23/liquid-gold-beekeepers-defying-yemen-war-to-produce-honey,en,False,,623382,Guardian,http://www.theguardian.com/us,"Despite the dangers, more Yemenis are turning to the sector as an alternative means of income Last modified on Tue 23 Mar 2021 04.31 EDT Yemen has long been renowned for producing some of the best honey in the world, often compared to Mānuka honey from New Zealand. Some of the highest quality, and purest, comes from bees fed exclusively on the flowers of the sidr, producing a pale coloured honey with a fiery, almost bitter aftertaste. While the war has made travel difficult, closing off many roads, for traditional beekeepers life is much the same: they are some of the only people in Yemen who can traverse frontlines with ease, moving around every few months in search of flowers for their bees. “It doesn’t matter who is commanding a checkpoint. They see the beehives in the back of the truck and we don’t have to stop long. Even the Houthis [Yemen’s rebels] are afraid of bees,” said Said al-Aulaqi, 40, as he took a break from looking after 80 of his hives near the village of Khamer in Shabwa. An estimated 100,000 small-scale beekeepers like Aulaqi in Yemen produce just 1,580 tonnes of honey a year, of which 840 tonnes is exported, according to a 2020 UN report. Sidr honey can sell for up to $500 (£370) a kilogram in neighbouring Gulf states such as Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. While honey connoisseurs maintain that the Yemeni product deserves a global market, decades of political instability have meant turbulent growth and limited outside reach. Keen to improve food stability and bring money into the country, the government has identified honey as a key sector for expansion: beekeepers, wholesalers and exporters the Guardian met in and around Shabwa’s capital, Ataq, say they are keen to share their liquid gold with the rest of the world. The 40-year-old has been keeping bees for 10 years, after learning the trade from his uncle. He lost his entire livelihood in 2015, after the Houthis moved into Shabwa and blocked the road to neighbouring Abyan, where his bees died after running out of water. It took two years to restart with another 300 boxes purchased at a cost of 2m Yemeni riyal (£1,850). Now his hives are scattered around Shabwa’s mountains, desert and coastal plain, depending on the season. The prized Sidr honey can only be harvested once every 12 months, but lower-grade acacia and desert flowers provide work year-round. A generation ago, beehives were still cultivated in empty tree trunks and transported on the backs of camels; now, imported machine-made hives and pickup trucks make the work easier, even if beekeepers, like so many others in Yemen, are plagued by fuel shortages. While there is money to be made in honey, there are also many challenges for beekeepers to overcome. If roadblocks or fighting make it impossible to move hives to more bountiful areas, the bees will die, and the insects are also at risk from unregulated pesticide use by farmers. The war means beekeeping has become a hazardous occupation for humans too. Unmarked landmines are planted all over the country. And while keepers prefer to move bees at night, when the insects are sleepy, nocturnal movement is often viewed as suspicious by Yemen’s warring parties, and tracked closely from the air by Saudi and US drones. Mohammed bin Lashar, a wholesaler in Ataq, said one of his suppliers was targeted by an airstrike in Maʼrib governorate. “He was lucky to survive. They probably thought he was al-Qaida,” he said. Despite the dangers, and as inflation soars and steady work dries up, in Shabwa at least it appears more and more people are turning to beekeeping as an alternative means of income. While more experienced keepers are happy to share what they know about the trade with newcomers, they are also worried that too many insects in the same area will make it difficult to find adequate food and water for the growing bee population, driving down standards and prices. In Ataq’s main square, dozens of beekeepers hawked their wares to individual shoppers and wholesalers, but few people were buying. “This is my first season as a beekeeper,” said Saleh Al-Hansi, 25. “I like it, I enjoy the work. Other beekeepers encouraged me to start so I’ll have to see how it goes.” There could be enough work for everyone if the authorities or local charities step in to help by planting more sidr trees, a move local beekeepers are lobbying for. Other necessary steps for expanding the sector include creating a standards agency and food safety certification system to allow Yemeni beekeepers to export their organic product throughout the world. Aulaqi, proud of his work, would not give up his bees for anything. “It can be lonely sometimes; I only get to see my family once a month. But I used to do construction work in Saudi Arabia and it’s much better than that. “Bees and honey are a blessing from God,” he said. “There is a lot to be thankful for.” ",843,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886015889,2021-03-23 01:00:52,Texas ramps up efforts to derail progressive policies,https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2021/mar/23/texas-republican-party-ken-paxton-greg-abbott,en,False,,623382,Guardian,http://www.theguardian.com/us,"The state filed the first major lawsuit against Biden’s administration, marking a return to a tried and true playbook of weaponizing the courts Last modified on Tue 23 Mar 2021 11.04 EDT Texas has branded itself as an aggressive and litigious arm of the Republican party for years – a rightwing David up against the Democratic Goliath. So, when Democrat Joe Biden took over the Oval Office in January, the state’s conservative leaders were already raring for a knock-down, drag-out brawl. Far from a one-off burst of hostility, that incendiary case marked a return to Texas politicians’ tried and true playbook of weaponizing the courts to derail progressive policies, a tactic that’s proven surprisingly potent amid ideological warfare with the feds. “They’ve been successful at, like, causing uncertainty,” said Katie Keith, associate research professor for the Center on Health Insurance Reforms at Georgetown University. “And making a mess of things that I think other folks feel are otherwise settled.” Because of the high stakes, these cases often capture national attention, and Texas’s ambitious current and former attorneys general have shown a willingness to trade resources and time for newspaper quotes and TV interviews. The court battles give key players such as Paxton a platform “to demonstrate that they are fighters and they’re looking out for their voters”, said Keith E Whittington, a professor of politics at Princeton University. “These kinds of lawsuits have become very high-profile events” and allow those involved to “grandstand and send a political message to constituents about all the hard work you’re doing to oppose the administration that they don’t like”, Whittington said. Texas’s judicial activism is part of a larger partisan gambit that’s been going on for years. Politicians undo or delay federal policies they find unfavorable or overreaching, while strategically framing the narrative in the press. “They are good opportunities to really try to influence the messaging about how particular policies or particular laws are understood, and what the potential problems with them are,” Whittington said. “If the goal is to win, then certainly that affects the kind of cases you bring forward, what kinds of legal arguments you can make, how carefully you have to prepare for them,” Whittington said. “If the goal instead is to get media attention and score political points – and excite voters and donors – you don’t necessarily need to win. You just need to be able to highlight the issue and get public attention. And sometimes you can get that with pretty bad legal arguments.” “The case … was clearly without merit, and it is difficult to understand why anybody in the attorney general’s office would have thought otherwise,” said Lisa Marshall Manheim, an associate professor at the University of Washington School of Law. But instead of giving Texas and others a slap on the wrist, federal courts have almost encouraged them by issuing nationwide injunctions that hamstring entire policies as long as cases stay tied up. That stalling strategy can sometimes hand state governments a de facto victory, even if they eventually lose. “There’s a world in which all these specious arguments, everything else, could really be discouraged by the courts,” Keith said. That’s definitely not happening in Texas, where she described the bench as “extraordinarily conservative and ideological”, allowing “these lawsuits to go further than most of us think they should”. “The law is still standing, but it’s been bruised and battered, right?” Keith said. So “why wouldn’t they sort of use a similar playbook for other issues?” Because of the implications nationwide, millions of Americans are watching these lawsuits play out – not to witness a bitter contest between two parties, but to anxiously await a referendum on their futures. “They’re people’s real rights and real livelihoods and just real lived realities that are sort of hanging in the balance,” Keith said. “It’s sort of frustrating to watch these cycles go in and out, because you know that they do affect real people.” ",660,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886015888,2021-03-23 01:03:45,'New pandemic': Merkel seeks to tackle British variant with Easter lockdown,https://www.theguardian.com/world/2021/mar/23/merkel-germany-covid-british-variant-easter-lockdown,en,False,,623382,Guardian,http://www.theguardian.com/us,"German chancellor supports EU chief’s threat to block AstraZeneca vaccines from being exported as country faces ‘very serious situation’ First published on Tue 23 Mar 2021 00.24 EDT Merkel said the country was in a “very serious” situation and was racing to get vaccinations done. Social gatherings would be limited over Easter, with 1 - 5 April designated “quiet days” when no more than five adults from two households will be able to meet at home at once. “We are now basically in a new pandemic. The British mutation has become dominant,” Merkel said at a news conference on Monday night. Merkel said she was against “general export bans” on vaccines while also voicing support for EU chief Ursula von der Leyen’s threat to block AstraZeneca vaccines produced in the bloc from being exported, ahead of a crunch EU summit on Thursday on the escalating row. “I support Commission President Ursula von der Leyen,” said Merkel. “We have a problem with AstraZeneca,” she added. “We will decide responsibly.” “The situation is serious. Case numbers are rising exponentially and intensive care beds are filling up again,” said Merkel. Merkel’s words were echoed by Markus Söder, the premier of Bavaria, who said: “We are now in the most dangerous phase of the pandemic.” The chancellor had been meeting leaders of Germany’s 16 states in what were supposed to be talks about a further easting of restrictions, but instead agreed to pause the planned reopening of bars, restaurants, leisure and cultural venues until 18 April. Before the meeting, the Robert Koch Institute for Infectious Diseases reported that case levels had passed a key marker. Under the new restrictions, staff who can work from home will be asked to continue doing so until 18 April rather than return to the workplace on 28 March. Merkel said the government was advising against all travel abroad and had agreed with airlines that returnees should be tested before flying. The leaders agreed to “appeal urgently to all citizens to refrain from non-essential travel within the country and also abroad – also with regard to the upcoming Easter holidays”. The country had successfully suppressed infections over the summer, but by early January cases had risen dramatically, with more than 15% of tests returning positive readings on 3 January. Measures again reduced them by mid February and schools reopened at the end of February, followed by hairdressers and some shops and businesses in March. Germany’s new measures came as a top WHO expert said the weekly global count of deaths from Covid-19 was rising again, a “worrying sign” after about six weeks of declines. Maria Van Kerkhove, technical lead on Covid-19 at the UN health agency, said the growth followed a fifth straight week of confirmed cases increasing worldwide. She said the number of reported cases went up in four of the WHO’s six regions, though there were significant variations within each region. “In the last week, cases have increased by 8% per cent,” Van Kerkhove said. “In Europe, that is 12% – and that’s driven by several countries.” The increase was due in part to the spread of a variant that first emerged in Britain and is now circulating in many other places, including eastern Europe, she said. Asked about the rising number of cases in Europe, where some states are reimposing tighter restrictions, fearing a third wave of the pandemic, WHO emergencies director Michael Ryan said countries had missed an open goal. He said nations were grasping at straws, thinking that simply administering lots of vaccine doses would be a “golden solution” to end the crisis. “I’m sorry: it’s not,” Ryan said. EU leaders will meet virtually on Thursday to discuss the Covid crisis, and to consider blocking the export of vaccines out of the block. Agence France-Presse contributed to this report ",636,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886016193,2021-03-23 12:17:33,Photos of migrant detention highlight Biden’s border secrecy,https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/photos-of-migrant-detention-highlight-bidens-border-secrecy/2021/03/23/b0936b6c-8b8e-11eb-a33e-da28941cb9ac_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_world,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886016191,2021-03-23 12:55:15,Agency: 1/4 of civilian casualties in Yemen are children,https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/agency-14-of-civilian-casualties-in-yemen-are-children/2021/03/23/f4e46fdc-8b93-11eb-a33e-da28941cb9ac_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_world,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886016438,2021-03-23 01:27:58,Could China's aggressive Xinjiang sanctions counter-punch risk alienating the European Union?,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/uxo5ZHfIX14/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886016185,2021-03-23 01:16:10,UN Women urges world to press gender equality post-pandemic,https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/un-women-urges-world-to-press-gender-equality-post-pandemic/2021/03/23/1408dad2-8b95-11eb-a33e-da28941cb9ac_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_world,en,True,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886016182,2021-03-23 01:22:19,Israel votes: Netanyahu’s fate hangs on Tuesday’s elections,https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/israel-votes-netanyahus-fate-hangs-on-tuesdays-elections/2021/03/23/5c9168dc-8b95-11eb-a33e-da28941cb9ac_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_world,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886016175,2021-03-23 12:00:00,"As Israel votes again, Palestinians still wait their turn",https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/2021/03/23/israel-elections-netanyahu-palestinians-analysis/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_world,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"Analysts say Abbas, the head of Fatah, may be allowing the vote only because he sees it as a means to renew his flagging legitimacy. A set of presidential decrees regarding the election have instituted requirements that critics believe stack the deck in favor of Abbas and his preferred candidates. There’s also the possibility that Abbas still opts to scrap the elections altogether. Read more: Where the U.S. and China go from here Biden’s window with Iran is starting to close Europe’s ultracautious vaccine strategy is itself a risky bet The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",107,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886016171,2021-03-23 01:02:16,China’s vaccine diplomacy stumbles as clinical trial data remain absent,https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/china-coronavirus-singapore-data/2021/03/23/7a0582ca-8afc-11eb-a33e-da28941cb9ac_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_world,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"Today, the vaccine sits unused in a storage facility. The wealthy city-state is moving ahead with Pfizer-BioNTech and Moderna shots for its coronavirus immunization program, with officials saying Sinovac needs to provide more data before they will consider rolling out its doses. “It’s extremely unusual,” said Peter English, a British expert in communicable-disease control, of the widespread use of these vaccines before the publication of peer-reviewed data. “It leaves a lot of questions.” China rolls out anal swab coronavirus test, saying it’s more accurate than throat method The Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, Sinopharm and Sinovac did not respond to requests for comment. China had a head start on coronavirus vaccinations. It’s now falling behind the West. In Singapore’s case, the government has the luxury of a small population of 5.7 million people to immunize and more effective vaccines at hand. Chong Ja Ian, an associate professor of political science at the National University of Singapore, said Singapore’s government did not turn down the Sinovac vaccine, which would be an affront to Beijing, but regulators also couldn’t approve its use on such limited data. “Singapore has options, unlike some of the countries who have received Sinovac,” Chong said. Other countries with larger populations and fewer options have accepted China’s vaccines, sometimes after considerable griping from top leaders. Vaccine makers usually release details of their Phase 3 clinical trials in peer-reviewed journals before the vaccines gain regulatory approval. Pfizer-BioNTech and Moderna published theirs in the New England Journal of Medicine in December. Sinopharm and Sinovac have self-reported some key results, but they have not published the underlying data in a journal, which would require vetting by third-party experts. Chinese government officials and industry executives have largely deflected questions about when they will release the data. In an interview with state-run tabloid Global Times  this month, Shao Yiming, a vaccine expert with China’s CDC, claimed that the countries where Sinovac and Sinopharm ran trials — including Brazil and the UAE — must be the ones to release it. “Whether to release the clinical trial data, when and how, must be decided by the foreign institutions,” Shao said. “China has no power to decide.” At a Beijing news conference on March 15, health regulators ignored a question on when data will be released, according to the transcript. Sinopharm and Sinovac executives also have not addressed the question. More than 60 countries have approved one of China’s coronavirus vaccines for market use or emergency use, according to the China International Development Cooperation Agency. Bribery cloud hangs over Chinese drugmaker Sinovac Malaysia began using Sinovac’s vaccine this month, after kicking off its vaccination drive with limited supplies of vaccines from Pfizer-BioNTech and British-Swedish firm AstraZeneca, which developed a shot with Oxford University.  Malaysia’s science minister, Khairy Jamaluddin, took the first shot of the Sinovac vaccine to shore up confidence. In Hong Kong, vaccine mistrust has jumped after seven people died following Sinovac doses and one after receiving the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine, although no causation has been established. The Chinese territory has expanded its vaccine program to include anyone over  30, who can choose from either the Pfizer-Bio­NTech vaccine or Sinovac’s, after priority groups were reluctant to take up the shots. That is a situation Singapore is trying to avoid, experts say, as it could delay the reopening of borders and the economy. English, the communicable-disease expert, said vaccine makers typically publish clinical trial results transparently to build public trust. This is especially critical during a pandemic, where public indecision about whether to get a vaccine costs lives. Singapore’s ministry of health said that it received its first shipment of Sinovac doses on Feb. 23. The country’s Health Sciences Authority said this week it has begun reviewing the data that Sinovac had submitted, but it needs more information from the company. Regulators are “still waiting for the company to submit the data,” the Health Sciences Authority said. 
 
 Alicia Chen in Taipei, Taiwan, and Lyric Li in Seoul contributed to this report. China had a head start on coronavirus vaccinations. It’s now falling behind the West. China rolls out anal swab coronavirus test, saying it’s more accurate than throat method As China nears a coronavirus vaccine, bribery cloud hangs over drugmaker Sinovac The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",728,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886002394,2021-03-23 01:01:11,Chef Bradley Ogden on planning a new restaurant,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/chef-bradley-ogden-on-planning-a-new-restaurant/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886017887,2021-03-23 01:33:11,40% of Australia's entire population under severe weather warnings covering an area the size of Alaska,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/1I9pzg7XRgI/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,Story by Reuters ,4,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886018251,2021-03-23 01:46:40,Treasury yields haven't peaked yet as experts say 10-year rate could hit 2%,https://www.cnbc.com/2021/03/23/us-10-year-treasury-yields-could-move-higher-to-2percent-fidelity.html,en,False,,1755,CNBC,http://www.cnbc.com/,"In this article ""I think yields could push a little higher. So far, they've (got) up to about 1.75%. I have a simple bond model that suggests 2% should be the upper limit,"" Timmer, who is the director of global macro at the firm, told CNBC's ""Squawk Box Asia"" on Tuesday. Timmer also downplayed worries that the recent rise in bond yields and inflation expectations could mean a repeat of the 2013 ""taper tantrum."" That was when Treasury yields spiked suddenly because of market panic after the Fed said it planned to start tapering its quantitative easing program. ""So far, yields have gone up 125 basis points. Half of that is real yields. Half of that is inflation. I think for now that that's okay, "" Timmer said. In 2013, ""it was all real yields that moved up almost 200 basis points in six weeks. If we saw something like that happen, that will be a pretty big shock to the system,"" he added. The Fed also expects core inflation to hit 2.2% this year, but has a long-run expectation of it sticking around 2%.  David Bailin, chief investment officer and managing director at Citi Private Bank, shared a similar sentiment, also saying on ""Squawk Box Asia"" that Treasury yields have not hit the peak yet. He added financial markets are going through an adjustment period right now and need to get used to higher rates for Treasury bonds. ""It could be in a year's time we're at 2% to 2.5%. And certainly, we think that the economy growing at 4% plus can tolerate that."" Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. ",328,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886023127,2021-03-23 01:18:19,Virtual Reality Startup Raises $29 Million To Help With Chronic Pain,https://www.forbes.com/sites/aayushipratap/2021/03/23/virtual-reality-startup-raises-29-million-to-help-with-chronic-pain/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Matthew Stoudt had just sold off his digital media firm in the fall of 2014, and wasn’t sure what he wanted to do next. His wife, Brenda, was fascinated with virtual reality, which prompted him to look into the space. Everything he found was in the gaming and entertainment sector, which didn’t particularly excite him. But while watching a TEDx talk on using virtual reality for behavior change, he was excited by the prospect of using virtual reality for pain management.  “I thought we could use virtual reality as a powerful tool to truly change the way we think about pain management in America,” he recalls thinking. Seven years later, and the company he eventually cofounded thanks to that TEDx talk, the Los Angeles-based AppliedVR, has now raised $29 million in a series A round that includes investments from F-Prime Capital along with Jazz Ventures, Sway Ventures and GSR Ventures, among others. The raise brings the company’s total funding to $35 million. Nearly 20% of U.S. adults-around 50 million people-suffer from chronic pain which puts them at high risk of opioid addiction, according to the CDC. Historically, Stoudt says, NSAIDs, opioids, injections, implants, and surgeries have been the go-to methods for pain management but those are riddled with problems such as poor access, addiction and catastrophic spending. “Into that breach storms this idea of using virtual reality as a new modality for managing pain,” says Stoudt, 51. While it’s not the only company that’s developed VR to tackle the problem of chronic pain, most such set ups require patients to visit a healthcare facility to access the therapy. By contrast, AppliedVR focused on designing headsets which patients could use at their homes.   In 2016, company put its technology to the test by beginning a series of clinical trials, with the latest study looking at 178 patients with chronic lower back pain. The participants were given headsets which they used at their homes for a period of 8 weeks on an average of seven minutes a day.  During their therapy sessions, the patients are provided with a variety of different experiences, including showing them animations of body organs, exploring their breathing patterns, simulating a visit to mountains or gardens and into underwater surroundings of dolphins. Stoudt says these sessions help patients to manage the pain even when the headsets are off. “We are almost implanting memories in their minds so that when they have the headsets off, they are more easily able to connect to that (scene) and then relive it.”  These results, as well as the findings from its other studies, have proven to be a major attraction to investors “They have compelling data and clinical results,” says Jon Lim, Partner, F-Prime Capital, one of the leading series A investors. Another attraction, Lim says, is that the company’s therapy can be paid for by Medicare and insurance companies. The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services announced in January that under its Medicare Coverage it will provide around 60 million Medicare beneficiaries access to the latest medical technology. However the Biden administration put a temporary hold on its implementation on March 17, 2021. AppliedVR received the Breakthrough Device Designation from the FDA for treatment-resistant fibromyalgia and chronic intractable lower back pain in October 2020, which means the CMS rule may apply. “Many investors have been wondering who is going to pay for digital therapeutics and that’s a nice way to know that the reimbursement pathway is there,” Lim says.  Stoudt says this company will use the new funds to get robust data and look at how durable the effects of virtual reality therapy are. It expects to receive an FDA approval for VR prescription therapy for lower back pain and launch the product by early 2022. “As technology becomes more fun, we have an opportunity in digital health to empower patients to take control of their own health,” he says. ",654,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886018245,2021-03-23 01:47:42,Escalating EU-China tensions could jeopardize new investment deal,https://www.cnbc.com/2021/03/23/retaliatory-eu-china-sanctions-could-jeopardize-new-investment-deal.html,en,False,,1755,CNBC,http://www.cnbc.com/,"Beijing's response in turn prompted warnings from several members of the European Parliament or MEPs, saying they would not ratify the EU-China investment deal that was agreed to in December. S&D is the second-largest political grouping in the European Parliament, with 145 MEPs. Those targeted by the Chinese sanctions also weighed in. Reinhard Bütikofer, a German MEP, said in a Twitter post that ratification of the EU-China deal ""is not becoming more probable"" after Beijing imposed sanctions to ""punish"" free speech. Bütikofer is a lawmaker from the Greens/European Free Alliance group and chair of the European Parliament's China delegation. Meanwhile, Slovakian MEP Miriam Lexmann from the center-right European People's Party group said in a tweet that China's actions ""will make clear that it is not interested in being a partner but rather a systematic rival that undermines fundamental values and principles."" The Mandarin-language statement released on Tuesday said EU sanctions targeted at China were based on ""lies and disinformation"" about Xinjiang, according to a CNBC translation. It also warned the EU not to further worsen Europe-China relations. China has repeatedly denied charges of forced labor, and claimed that the camps are re-education camps to weed out extremism and teach people new job skills. — CNBC's Evelyn Cheng and Silvia Amaro contributed to this report. Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. ",277,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886024730,2021-03-23 00:04:00,Asian markets mixed as Baidu flops in Hong Kong debut,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/asian-markets-mixed-as-baidu-flops-in-hong-kong-debut-11616472283?siteid=yhoof2&yptr=yahoo,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,"Asian markets were mixed in early trading Tuesday, as stocks in Hong Kong and mainland China sank after posting early-session gains. The Federal Reserve’s easy monetary policy and the spike in the pace of inflation have left investors with negative real interest rates, which are fuel for asset bubbles, warned the chief investment officer of Morgan Stanley’s wealth management unit. ",61,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886024747,2021-03-23 01:37:44,"Asian Stocks Fall as U.S. Dollar, Treasuries Climb: Markets Wrap",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/asia-stocks-eye-gains-tracking-212107495.html,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,Thank you for your patience. Our engineers are working quickly to resolve the issue. ,15,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886023123,2021-03-23 01:48:20,U.S. Chamber Of Commerce Lawsuit Looks To Slay H-1B Visa Rules Again,https://www.forbes.com/sites/stuartanderson/2021/03/23/us-chamber-of-commerce-lawsuit-looks-to-slay-h-1b-visa-rules-again/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"The U.S. Chamber of Commerce in Washington D.C. On October 8, 2020, the Trump administration published two rules directed against employers and high-skilled foreign nationals. Both were “interim final” rules, meaning they could go into effect without providing the public an opportunity to comment.  The judge found persuasive Paul Hughes’s argument that the administration’s lengthy delay in publishing the regulations belied claims the two regulations were issued to address an emergency.  The Biden administration has delayed the effective date of the DOL wage rule and the DHS lottery rule. Both could go into effect in the future if not stopped by court action. The goal of the lawsuit is to convince the judge to vacate and set aside both the DOL wage rule and the DHS lottery rule. Below is a look at the plaintiffs’ arguments against both rules. “This is a naked attempt to substantially raise the eligibility criteria for H-1B visas,” write the plaintiffs. “The DOL Rule is also substantively arbitrary and capricious: It significantly raises wages in an attempt to price out highly skilled foreign nationals, without sufficient justification; real-world data—presented to the agency in comments—demonstrates that the Rule’s methodology is wildly inaccurate; and DOL failed to address material comments placed in the record. Moreover, the Final DOL Rule must be vacated and remanded because it is premised on an incorrect legal interpretation.” “The Final DOL Rule has an enormous effect on the actual dollar wages H-1B, EB-2, and EB-3 employers are now required to pay,” according to the complaint. “A new analysis by the National Foundation for American Policy compared the prevailing wages calculated on June 30, 2020, under the prior system with those now required under the Final DOL Rule, and the increases are staggering. For example, the required minimum salary for software developers—a common H-1B occupation—is about 30% higher under the Final DOL Rule than under the agency’s prior practice; for computer science teachers, the new minimum is 41% higher at Level I. The same pattern is seen across many occupations frequently held by H-1B workers.” “Indeed, on average the Final DOL Rule will raise the required minimum salary for H-1B employees by about 25% across all the studied groups,” noted the complaint and reprinted a second table from the NFAP study: The complaint continued: “As that [NFAP] analysis puts it, ‘[t]he significant increases in the mandated minimum salaries would lead a rational observer to conclude the purpose of the DOL wage rule is to price foreign nationals out of the U.S. labor market. The increases for common occupations in technical fields are large enough that complying with the rule would be difficult for any company.’” A software developer (applications) in Atlanta had almost the same salary under DOL’s current methodology and a private wage survey. However, the DOL final rule would raise the required wage by approximately 33%. The complaint stated that NFAP presented analysis of the differences between new DOL wages and private wage surveys in comments in response to the interim final rule “and the agency has failed to address the problem.”  The plaintiffs make another argument against the lottery rule: “Separately, the Lottery Rule was promulgated by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) under the authority of Chad Wolf, who was purporting to act as Acting Secretary of Homeland Security—but who in fact never lawfully occupied that post under the laws governing administrative succession, as numerous courts have now held. Wolf’s lack of valid authority independently renders the Lottery Rule void.” The lawsuit points out the DOL wage rule raises important reliance issues for companies, universities, longtime H-1B visa holders and applicants for employment-based green cards.  The U.S. Chamber of Commerce lawsuit attempts to stop two regulations that may represent the most significant parts of the Trump administration’s immigration legacy for companies and universities. The judge’s decision in the case could affect tens of thousands of employers and hundreds of thousands of lives. ",658,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886026078,2021-03-23 00:06:51,Biden officials are worried Johnson & Johnson won't be able to deliver 20 million COVID-19 vaccines promised by end of the month,https://www.businessinsider.com/biden-officials-worry-johnson-johnson-wont-deliver-covid-vaccines-time-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. However, three sources, including two senior administration officials, told Politico they're concerned that current production may face logistical complications and regulatory delays, meaning the entire 20 million may not be delivered until mid-April.  Johnson & Johnson did not reply to Insider's request for comment at the time of publication but spokesperson Jake Sargent told Politico that the company ""expect[s] to deliver 20 million single-shot vaccines by the end of March."" The White House also did not reply to Insider's request for comment at the time of publication.  The Food and Drug Administration has yet to authorize two American partners, Emergent BioSolutions and Catalent, which has contributed to the delay.  ""That doesn't mean everyone will get a shot immediately, but May 1 is the day every adult will be eligible to sign up to get the first shot,"" a senior administration official said.   
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",264,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886026081,2021-03-23 00:01:00,"Lady Gaga's Haus Labs, Goop, Spotify, and Eventbrite join push of nearly 200 businesses lobbying for a national paid leave policy in Biden's next economic recovery package",https://www.businessinsider.com/paid-family-leave-goop-lady-gaga-spotify-biden-stimulus-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. Nearly 200 companies are lobbying Capitol Hill leaders to put paid family and medical leave atop their agenda as President Joe Biden presses for another multi-trillion dollar economic recovery package. The group that includes Pinterest, Spotify, and businesses tied to Lady Gaga and Gwyneth Paltrow wants Congress to pass a permanent national paid leave policy as part of Biden's next big stimulus proposal. Businesses say the lack of a national paid leave policy makes them more vulnerable during health emergencies and threatens their financial stability. They note in their letter that fewer than 21 percent of workers had access to paid leave through their employers at the onset of the pandemic. ""With an equal paid leave policy in place, we can help stem the historic tide of women leaving the workforce and ensure that low-wage earners and people of color have the time they need to care for themselves and their families,"" they wrote. Companies that signed the letter include Lady Gaga's makeup company Haus Labs, Bad Robot Productions (Star Wars director JJ Abrams' production company) and Goop, Paltrow's lifestyle company. ""The expansion of paid leave at the federal level will combat this trend of seeing primarily women leaving the workforce to shoulder caregiving responsibilities, like the 140,000 that left in December,"" said David Hanrahan, chief human resources officer for Eventbrite, which offers several paid leave policies. Not everyone in the business community is as eager to embrace a big policy change on paid leave.  The US Chamber of Commerce might support a nationwide shift on the issue if the costs could be passed along to employees akin to what is done in California. Employers should also be allowed to provide benefits across one national platform, said Marc Freedman, the Chamber's vice president for workplace policy.  The patchwork effect of nine states and the District of Columbia offering different paid leave programs has become an ""administrative nightmare"" for some Chamber members, he said. 
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",444,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886026075,2021-03-23 00:15:55,"Hospitality, sit-down restaurants, and other industries hit hardest by the pandemic are finally hiring again",https://www.businessinsider.com/jobs-hiring-in-demand-pandemic-economy-recovery-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. Yet some of the hardest-hit industries are now leading the recovery as they finally start to rehire workers after months of layoffs and furloughs, according to data from job search websites viewed by Insider. Healthcare, retail, sit-down restaurants, and even hospitality businesses are seeing major job growth, as are pandemic-tested jobs in manufacturing, software development, warehouse and logistics. However, education and public sectors still lag behind, based on Insider's analysis of government data and insights from five top job posting websites — Flexjobs, Indeed, Joblist, Monster, and Snagajob. If you're one of the many Americans still looking for work, here are some of the industries that are hiring at the fastest rates. As more states allow sit-down dining again, restaurants are quickly ramping up to meet customers' pent-up demand. Of the 355,000 hospitality jobs added in February, the BLS said that 286,000 — around 80% — came from restaurants and bars. Snagajob found that sit-down restaurants saw a 16% month-over-month spike, even as quick-service restaurants were flat during that same time. Joblist CEO Kevin Harrington said server, bartender, and host jobs have all been growing recently. Retail stores added 41,000 jobs last month, according to BLS data, though Indeed found that it's been a mixed bag in metro areas where many people are working from home. But Snagajob found that retail jobs are up 62% month-over-month, and, fueled by e-commerce, up 259% since mid-March 2020. ""More than two million healthcare jobs were lost in April 2020 alone, and only about half of these jobs have returned since,"" Harrington said, adding that a recent Joblist survey ""found that more than 50% of working Americans reported skipping medical or dental care in the last year."" Snagajob has seen posts for on-demand jobs increase 53% month-over-month and a whopping 470% year-over-year, while Joblist saw a 40% jump in ""freelance"" jobs last summer. ""This trend has continued in recent months as companies embrace remote freelancers as an alternative to making full-time hires in this uncertain economic climate,"" Harrington said. ""The supply of skilled remote labor is as high as it has ever been right now, and many companies have now figured out how to conduct business remotely."" While blue-collar gig jobs may have shifted from moving people to moving food, packages, and other goods, during the pandemic, Harrington said all types of gig work are here to stay. The boom in e-commerce during the pandemic sparked a rise in warehouse jobs that has continued even past the holiday season. Snagajob found a 38% month-over-month jump in warehouse and logistics jobs, and Indeed saw a 7% rise in loading and stocking jobs since mid-February. Longer term, Indeed has seen loading and stocking jobs climb 44.7% since its pre-pandemic baseline, and Joblist saw more than a 100% jump year-over-year in warehouse jobs. As was the case before the pandemic, there's once again significant demand for software engineers and project managers, according to Joblist, while Monster has seen a spike in jobs involving computational and math skills. While not industry-specific, job postings for business roles that can be done remotely have soared during the pandemic as companies become more accepting of remote workforces. Flexjobs said the top 10 career categories that had an increase in remote job openings from March 2020 to December 2020 included: marketing, administrative, HR and recruiting, accounting and finance, graphic design, customer service, writing, mortgage and real estate, internet and e-commerce, and project management. Some industries have yet to restart hiring efforts in significant numbers — and some even continue to bleed jobs. Monster and Joblist have both seen recent declines in construction jobs, partly due to the winter weather and related supply chain issues. State and local government jobs also declined recently, according to Joblist and BLS data, while Flexjobs also found a lower availability of remote jobs in this sector. 
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",760,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886026070,2021-03-23 00:31:04,"2 hours after the mass shooting in Colorado, Rep. Lauren Boebert sent a campaign email encouraging supporters to say 'HELL NO' to gun control",https://www.businessinsider.com/rep-boebert-draws-criticism-for-response-to-boulder-mass-shooting-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. ""The White House just called a lid at 1:13pm today. Biden is back in the basement, figuratively at least,"" she tweeted at 3:51 p.m. MT. ""Meanwhile, the country is in chaos and the border is coming apart at the seams,"" she wrote. ""My prayers are with the shoppers, employees, first responders & others affected by the shooting in Boulder,"" she tweeted. ""May God be with them."" ""Please help me stand up to the radical gun-grabbing left,"" the email continued. Boebert's campaign did not immediately respond to Insider's request for comment. 
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",211,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886030876,2021-03-23 05:01:05,Just 36 Things You’ll Wanna Put On Your Walls,https://www.buzzfeed.com/jonathanmazzei/things-youll-wanna-put-on-your-walls,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"Unique planters, stunning art prints, luxurious cup holders for your shower, and other things to take advantage of all your empty wall space. BuzzFeed Staff We hope you love the products we recommend! All of them were independently selected by our editors. Just so you know, BuzzFeed may collect a share of sales or other compensation from the links on this page if you decide to shop from them. Oh, and FYI — prices are accurate and items in stock as of time of publication. It works by holding the cover of the bottom book! FinchandCotter is a business based in Grand Rapids, Michigan that sells night sky prints, personalized pillows, and other great gift ideas! NonilyStudio is a Black woman-owned small business run out of California that offers gorgeous minimalist wall prints and other decor ideas. Winding Hills Designs is a small family business that uses the individual skills of variety of family members to create out of the ordinary gifts. They mill their own wood, design their own art, and assemble all of their products near the foothills of the Rockies.  The Film Artist is a woman-owned New York-based business that offers a wide collection of female-focused prints and more! Divider Records (formerly prathermade) is a couple-owned business based in Sugarcreek, Ohio. Owners Brit and Jason Prather specialize in hand-built vinyl record storage and offer a lot of super cool options for record enthusiasts! Animalist Art is a Swedish small business that aims to celebrate your pet and how much better they make your life through beautiful modern art. They also offer free express shipping worldwide!  EcoVibe is a Black-, woman-, and family-owned small business based in Portland, OR, that focuses on the environment and sustainable, ethical practices. HandrailsBoutique is a business based in Los Angeles that specializes in stylish handrails. 303Woods is a small business based in Shreveport, Louisiana that focuses on custom-built furniture and home decor.  It folds up for easy storage! Tiny Showcase is a small business whose goal is to make collecting art more affordable and accessible. They release limited edition prints from a variety of incredible artists, and donate a portion of the proceeds to a nonprofit organization near and dear to the artists' heart. Aya Paper Co. is a Black woman-owned small business based in New York that specializes in environmentally friendly paper products made with 100% recycled material, with sourcing information available on each product page.  The dispenser can be mounted in the corner of your shower or flat on one of the walls. Waterproof silicone adhesive and two-way tape comes included.  Some reviews have been edited for length and/or clarity. ",446,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031712,2021-03-23 01:32:42,"Discord, a Chat App for Gamers, Said to Have Discussed Deal With Microsoft",https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/technology/microsoft-discord-deal.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by An acquisition of Discord, a chat app for gamers, would buttress Microsoft’s gaming business. Send any friend a story Discord, which counts more than 100 million monthly active users, has been highly popular in the pandemic, as people have used the service to chat with one another while playing games. The San Francisco-based company, which has raised nearly $600 million in funding since 2014, has had preliminary deal talks with various suitors over the years, said another person with knowledge of the matter. The privately held company, which investors valued at $7 billion in December, is also a candidate to go public. This month, Discord hired its first chief financial officer, a sign that it may be preparing for an initial public offering. Joost van Dreunen, a New York University professor who studies the business of video games, said that if a deal were to happen, Discord “would be a natural fit” with Microsoft’s Xbox video gaming business. He said Microsoft has been “building hardware, buying software, and is now stitching it all together with the connective tissue of a community layer.” Discord has since implemented stricter content moderation rules and banned alt-right communities. The app, which allows people to create private servers — in essence, small communities — features audio, text and video chat options. Last year, Discord announced plans to expand beyond gaming into everyday usage among online groups of all kinds. It has been used for activities like college classes and organizing events like the Black Lives Matter protests. The company crossed $100 million in revenue last year, one of the people said. Discord makes money by selling subscriptions to a premium version of the service. Advertisement ",284,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031695,2021-03-23 01:48:07,Candace Owens says border crisis is really a 'border plan' by Dems,https://www.foxnews.com/media/candace-owens-says-the-border-crisis-is-really-a-border-plan-by-dems,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"'Blackout' author joins 'Tucker Carlson Tonight' to explain why the border crisis is really a 'border plan' Owens said that Democrats want to ""import"" illegal immigrants into the U.S., which they see as the next ""victim voters."" SQUAD MEMBER ILHAN OMAR TO JOIN DEMS IN BORDER VISIT ""What I mean when I say victim voters is that they're gonna implement the same plan they have executed successfully on Black America for the last six decades,"" Candace told host Tucker Carlson. ""What comes next for these illegal immigrants? -- Free stuff!"" Owens claimed that free health care and hotel rooms are some of the reasons that will entice them to vote for Democrats, who in turn will stay in power.  She also argued that Black Americans are starting to realize their lives haven't gotten better under Democrat policies. However, she said it might be too late for them because of the potential new bloc of voters -- Hispanic illegal immigrants. MEXICAN DRUG CARTELS USING KEYS AS DECOYS IN TO SMUGGLE ITS MEMBERS INTO US: SHERIFF Carlson singled out U.S. Rep. Maxine Waters, D-Calif., who he said ""completely betrayed the community"" that she ""claimed to represent."" ""Are people starting to figure this out?"" Carlson asked Owens.  ""Well, Maxine Waters ... lives in a $6 million dollar home outside of her own district. She's done her job. This is what she sold out Black America for,"" Owens responded. ""This is what [Rep.] Sheila Jackson [Lee] [D-Texas] sold out Black America for ... [as well as] Al Sharpton [and] Jesse Jackson."" CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP ""They don't care because they got paid. It was never about Black America. These were the puppet masters to make sure that Black Americans remained allegiant to a party that does not help them,"" she continued.  Fox News' Evie Fordham contributed to this report Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inbox Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! ",329,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031902,2021-03-23 01:20:10,What role did Russia play in the MH17 crash?,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-what-role-did-russia-play-in-the-mh17-crash/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031899,2021-03-23 01:21:11,Prominent AIDS researcher among dead in fatal crash,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-prominent-aids-researcher-among-dead-in-fatal-crash/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031896,2021-03-23 01:22:10,7/18: MH17 crash scene: Volunteers look for remains; Reflections on the deaths that haunted us this week,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/718-mh17-crash-scene-volunteers-look-for-remains-reflections-on-the-deaths-that-haunted-us-this-week/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031892,2021-03-23 01:25:10,Stock market ends week on high note,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/stock-market-ends-week-on-high-note/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. ,19,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031884,2021-03-23 01:27:11,Putin blames Ukraine for Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 attack,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/putin-blames-ukraine-for-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-attack/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031888,2021-03-23 01:26:10,Housing market sluggish amid dip in mortgage activity,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/housing-market-sluggish-amid-dip-in-mortgage-activity/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. ,19,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031883,2021-03-23 01:29:11,Family and friends mourn the victims of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/family-and-friends-mourn-the-victims-of-malaysia-airlines-flight-17/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031880,2021-03-23 01:30:11,Israel says Gaza ground assault could last weeks,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/israel-says-gaza-ground-assault-could-last-weeks/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886032336,2021-03-23 00:30:00,"In federal lawsuit, James Huntsman, of prominent Utah family, accuses Mormon Church of fraud",https://www.washingtonpost.com/religion/james-huntsman-lds-mormon-church-fraud/2021/03/23/8990011c-8b50-11eb-a730-1b4ed9656258_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_religion,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"James Huntsman, of a prominent Mormon family from Utah, filed a federal lawsuit Tuesday accusing the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints of fraud, saying it spent members’ tithes meant for charity on commercial purposes. In the suit, Huntsman says he wants back millions of dollars he donated and plans to give it to “organizations and communities whose members have been marginalized by the Church’s teachings and doctrines, including by donating to charities supporting LGBTQ, African-American, and women’s rights.” Mormon Church has misled members on $100 billion tax-exempt investment fund, whistleblower alleges David Nielsen’s IRS complaint made worldwide news as it painted Ensign Peak Advisors, the church’s investment division, as one of the largest funds in the country. According to the complaint, it is twice as large as the endowments of Harvard University and the Gates Foundation. In a statement to The Post Monday, a church spokesman said that Huntsman resigned his membership last year and that his claims are “baseless.” It cited former church president Gordon B. Hinckley as saying in the early 2000s that the funds for the mall came from “commercial entities owned by the Church” and “earnings of invested reserve funds.” “Tithing funds are voluntary contributions” by church members “as an expression of their faith in God. They are used for a broad array of religious purposes, including missionary work, education, humanitarian causes and the construction of meetinghouses, temples and other buildings important in the work of the Church, as reflected in scripture and determined by Church leaders,” said the statement by Eric Hawkins. Hawkins said that the Church is not in any kind of talks with the IRS about the complaint and that the Church hasn’t changed anything about the use of Ensign Peak funds since the IRS complaint. Huntsman, 50, runs a film distribution firm in Southern California. He stepped down in 2016 as an executive with Huntsman Corp., a massive chemical supplier his father founded in 1970. Jon Huntsman Sr., who died in 2018, was a billionaire industrialist and philanthropist in Utah. James’s brother Jon Huntsman Jr. was a Utah governor, presidential candidate and an ambassador to Russia, China and Singapore. In the suit, Huntsman says after the reports of the fund came out, he “repeatedly approached the corporation and demanded the return of his donations. However, the LDS Corporation refused, effectively taking the position that it could do whatever it wanted with tithing funds.” Nielsen’s complaint alleges that Ensign had not “directly funded any religious, educational or charitable activities in 22 years,” though it did not provide any documents to support the claim. Huntsman’s lawyer, David Jonelis, said his client is disturbed about this. The lawsuit focuses primarily on Nielsen’s allegation that $2 billion from Ensign was used to bail out a church-run insurance company called Beneficial Financial Group and a shopping mall in Salt Lake City called City Creek Center that was a joint venture between the church and a real estate company. Multiple church officials have said since the City Creek project was unveiled in 2003 that tithing funds were not used to buy the mall property or to develop it. In 2009, when Beneficial Life was suffering amid the financial crisis, it got a shot of $594 million from a different commercial church company with the Mormon Church, Deseret Management. That year, a church-owned newspaper quoted Mark Willes, Deseret Management’s president and chief executive, as saying that no tithing money was used in the transaction for it. In his suit, Huntsman uses sharp language, saying, “this is not a case about faith; it is a case about fraud and corporate greed.” He said the church where he spent much of his life, including as a leader and teacher, “repeatedly and publicly lied” about the use of tithing funds. Equality Act is creating a historic face-off between religious exemptions and LGBTQ rights. Mormonism, like some other faith groups, requires members to tithe 10 percent of their incomes  but is more organized and deliberate  about collecting it and understanding why members cannot pay. “Make no mistake, the Church’s status as a religious organization does not give its corporate arm carte blanche to defraud the Church’s members and the general public,” the suit says. Huntsman declined requests for an interview, but Jonelis said the suit is “not a family issue. Others aren’t involved.” The suit comes at a time when some religious organizations fear losing federal funding and benefits because of tensions between LGBTQ rights and religious freedoms. 
 The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",766,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031877,2021-03-23 01:31:11,Hundreds of homes evacuated as Washington wildfires continue,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/hundreds-of-homes-evacuated-as-washington-wildfires-continue/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031874,2021-03-23 01:32:11,Headlines: Casey Kasem's body missing from funeral home,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/headlines-casey-kasems-body-missing-from-funeral-home/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031872,2021-03-23 01:33:19,Efforts to secure MH17 crash site aggravated by rebel authorities,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/efforts-to-secure-mh17-crash-site-aggravated-by-rebel-authorities/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031870,2021-03-23 01:34:17,Malaysia Airlines Flight 17: Could this disaster have been avoided?,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-could-this-disaster-have-been-avoided/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031868,2021-03-23 01:35:11,Malaysia citizens struggle to comprehend yet another disaster,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-citizens-struggle-to-comprehend-yet-another-disaster/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031865,2021-03-23 01:36:11,What's next for Russia/U.S. relations?,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/whats-next-for-russiau-s-relations/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031863,2021-03-23 01:37:11,CDC chief questioned on lab’s lapses in judgment,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/cdc-chief-questioned-on-labs-lapses-in-judgment/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031860,2021-03-23 01:40:10,Controversies cloud new NFL season,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/controversies-cloud-new-nfl-season/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031858,2021-03-23 01:41:10,"Obama calls MH Flight 17 crash a ""global tragedy""",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/obama-calls-mh-flight-17-crash-a-global-tragedy/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031856,2021-03-23 01:42:10,Malaysia Airlines Flight 17: What's next in the investigation?,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-whats-next-in-the-investigation/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031854,2021-03-23 01:43:11,"Remembering Quinn Schansman, the U.S. citizen on MH Flight 17",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/remembering-quinn-schansman-the-u-s-citizen-on-malaysia-airlines-flight-17/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031852,2021-03-23 01:45:10,Why being 'invisible' at work is a good thing,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/why-being-invisible-at-work-is-a-good-thing/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031851,2021-03-23 01:46:11,"Amidst tragedy, pressure increases on Russian government",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/amidst-tragedy-pressure-increases-on-russian-government/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031848,2021-03-23 01:51:11,Pig out with Alton Brown on THE Dish,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/pig-out-with-alton-brown-on-the-dish/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031846,2021-03-23 01:52:10,Police: Florida dad beats accused child abuser,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/police-florida-dad-beats-accused-child-abuser/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031841,2021-03-23 01:53:11,Death toll climbs as Israel continues Gaza bombardment,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/death-toll-climbs-as-israel-continues-gaza-bombardment/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886033198,2021-03-23 01:45:08,"As Europe’s Lockdowns Drag on, Police and Protesters Clash More",https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/world/europe/lockdowns-virus-europe-police-bristol.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by In Britain and beyond, protesters on the left and right are rebelling against virus restrictions, drawing harsh police responses — and questions about the officers’ legitimacy. Send any friend a story A year after European leaders ordered people into their homes to curb a deadly pandemic, thousands are pouring into streets and squares. Often, they are met by batons and shields, raising questions about the tactics and role of the police in societies where personal liberties have already given way to public health concerns. From Spain and Denmark to Austria and Romania, frustrated people are lashing out at the restrictions on their daily lives. With much of Europe facing a third wave of coronavirus infections that could keep these stifling lockdowns in place weeks or even months longer, analysts warn that tensions on the streets are likely to escalate. “What we’re seeing is a growing level of discontent among members of our society who see a fundamental illegitimacy in law enforcement under the pandemic,” said Clifford Stott, a professor of social psychology at Keele University and an expert in crowd behavior. “And it has created strange bedfellows.” Right-wing politicians who bridle at lockdown restrictions are as angry as the left-wing climate protesters who regularly clog Trafalgar Square in London as part of the Extinction Rebellion demonstrations. The traffic snarls from those protests were one of the reasons the authorities pushed for greater powers to restrict such gatherings. The potential for more such confrontations is high, Mr. Stott said, citing “the warmer weather, duration of the lockdown and increasing dissatisfaction among sections of the community about the imposition of control measures.” The mayor of Bristol, Marvin Rees, harshly criticized the violence, blaming much of it on outsider agitators who he said had seized on a peaceful demonstration as an excuse to pick a fight with the establishment. But Mr. Rees, a Labour Party politician, also staunchly opposes the legislation. He said it was rushed and ill-considered — a cynical bid by a Conservative-led government to “rally their base behind law and order” during a pandemic. “You can’t police yourself to peace,” said Mr. Rees, adding that he tried to engage Bristol’s police on issues like housing, drug addiction and joblessness. “By the time it comes down to an enforcement issue,” he said, “you’ve already failed.” The violent clashes in Bristol, which left two police vans charred and 20 officers injured — one with a punctured lung — are deeply frustrating to Mr. Rees, who is the son of a Jamaican father and an English mother. This time, however, he fears that the images of shattered windows and burned police vehicles will help Prime Minister Boris Johnson pass the police law, which has already cleared two key hurdles in Parliament. “The consequences of what they’ve done is to increase the likelihood of that bill winning support,” Mr. Rees said. For many in Britain, that would be a bitter irony, given that the pandemic has already led to the greatest restriction of civil liberties in recent memory. On Tuesday, Britons marked the first anniversary of the government’s initial lockdown, when Mr. Johnson delivered the fateful order: “You must stay at home.” Coronavirus regulations that were expected to last no more than a few months have now been in place for a year, causing tensions between the police and the public not just at protests, but also at house parties and even with those meeting outside for coffee. Early in the pandemic, one local police force used drones to shame a couple walking a dog on a lonely path. The owners of gyms and sports clubs were raided by the police when they opened against the regulations. An earlier version of the government’s coronavirus regulations contained a provision that allowed nonviolent protests. But that was removed from a later version, leaving the right to peaceful assembly in a kind of legal limbo. Under the latest draft of the rules, issued on Monday, protests would be allowed under limited circumstances, starting next Monday. These emergency laws were rushed through Parliament without the scrutiny normally applied to legislation. Lacking a written constitution, Britons who want to take to the streets have had to rely on the less clear-cut protection of a human rights act. “This pandemic has exposed the weaknesses of our unwritten constitution when it comes to certain rights,” said Adam Wagner, a human rights lawyer and expert on the coronavirus rules. “If you take representative democracy from the process of lawmaking, you miss out on key voices.” By contrast, the Federal Constitutional Court in Germany last year upheld the right of its citizens to protest, provided that they adhere to social-distancing rules. But even in Germany, which on Tuesday imposed a strict new lockdown over the Easter holiday amid a surge of cases, the rules of engagement can be murky. In the city of Kassel, the police were criticized for allowing thousands of anti-lockdown demonstrators to gather, unmasked and packed closely together, on public squares. Only later, when some of the protesters attacked officers, did the police move against the crowd, using pepper spray, billy clubs and water cannons. Outrage surged after images emerged of an officer making a heart-shaped symbol at a protester carrying a banner opposing restrictions, while another officer smashed a woman’s head into her bicycle frame as he battled counterprotesters trying to block the rally. The episode raised questions about whom the police were trying to protect. “It is a slap in the face of our city,” Kassel’s mayor, Christian Geselle, told the newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine. He had tried unsuccessfully to ban the demonstration on the grounds that it would be a superspreader event. British officials make economic and social arguments for the tough policing bill. Cabinet ministers note, for example, that the security costs of protecting a new high-speed rail link from environmental protesters has been 50 million pounds, or $69 million. Priti Patel, the home secretary, condemned the clashes in Bristol as “thuggery and disorder” and said protecting the police was the government’s top priority — though not, she added, of some members of the opposition. “We have been clear that to save lives and fight this pandemic, people must not currently hold large gatherings,” she said in a statement to Parliament. “Too many this weekend selfishly decided that this did not apply to them.” Further raising the political temperature, the policing bill is moving through Parliament at the same moment as the government’s renewal of its coronavirus regulations, which also drew fire from the libertarian right. “The Coronavirus Act contains some of the most draconian detention powers in modern British legal history,” said Mark Harper, who chairs the Covid Recovery Group, a caucus of Conservative lawmakers critical of the lockdown rules. While many say the debate on the role of the police in Britain is overdue, some sympathize with the plight of the officers. They are caught between politicians and the public, with a nebulous constitutional status and a shifting set of rules to enforce, particularly during a public health emergency. “It’s not the fault of the police that the coronavirus regulations are in part necessarily draconian and in parts unnecessarily draconian,” said Shami Chakrabarti, an expert in civil liberties and a Labour Party politician. The bigger problem, she said, is that Britain tends to conduct debates about the role of the police after wrenching episodes like a police shooting, the killing of Ms. Everard or the violent clashes in Bristol. This inflames public opinion in one direction or the other, she says, but can get in the way of a thoughtful debate. “We almost only ever have this discussion in moments of crisis,” Ms. Chakrabarti said, “not in peacetime.” Melissa Eddy contributed reporting from Berlin. Advertisement ",1294,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886033155,2021-03-23 02:03:11,7/19:  Malaysia Airlines Flight 17: Investigators denied access to crash site; The family a Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 victim left behind,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/719-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-investigators-denied-access-to-crash-site-the-family-a-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-victim-left-behind/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886034495,2021-03-23 01:55:33,Some Google Cloud Salespeople Took Home Over $1 Million Salaries. That May Come To An End.,https://www.forbes.com/sites/johanmoreno/2021/03/23/some-google-cloud-salespeople-took-home-over-1-million-salaries-that-may-come-to-an-end/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"One of Thomas Kurian’s first moves as Google Cloud’s CEO when he joined the company in 2019 was lifting a cap put in place on sales commissions. He thought the move would lure elite salespeople to join the company’s growing cloud computing division, with the promise of a big payday.  Some did just that, with a few top-performing salespeople making over $1 million in 2020. But those days may be coming to an end.  The Information reports that Google Cloud will now be capping commissions at 500% of a salesperson’s annual quota. For example, if a salesperson’s quota is set at $1 million in sales over the course of the year, they would only make commissions on up to $5 million in sales. Anything above that would not result in a commission for the salesperson.  The move puts Google Cloud at risk of losing top-tier talent to other organizations in need of enterprise sales representatives. But most large companies do have commission caps in place. It is unclear what the compensation model is for Google Cloud sales representatives. ",182,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886033154,2021-03-23 02:06:12,Preview: The Last Confession,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/preview-the-last-confession/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886040508,2021-03-23 01:45:08,What Are the ‘Kill the Bill’ Protests in Britain All About?,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/world/europe/kill-the-bill-protests-uk.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by Britain’s policing and crime bill has set off a string of demonstrations in cities around the country. So what is the proposed legislation and why are people protesting against it? Send any friend a story In Britain, that discussion has zeroed in on the new police bill. Here is what you need to know about the proposed policing bill that would affect England and Wales, and the protests demanding that it be shelved. It also gives broad authority to police forces when it comes to handling protests — and that has proved to be a lightning rod. But the new bill would offer much broader powers for the police. It will leave much to their own discretion, and potentially allow them to criminalize protests they deem a “public nuisance.” The police, for example, would be allowed to set time and noise limits on rallies. Protesters who do not follow restrictions they “ought” to know about, even if they have not received a direct order from an officer, would be vulnerable to prosecution. The government maintains that the bill provides for better policing and community protection. Priti Patel, the home secretary, said last week that there was “a balance to be struck between the rights of the protester and the rights of individuals to go about their daily lives.” Opposition lawmakers and rights groups have denounced what they see as a move to give police overly broad, and potentially problematic, powers. Many say they need more time to work through the potential implications. While rights groups have long had concerns about the policing bill and its potential impact on what they say is the essential democratic tool of protest, the legislation was suddenly thrust into the national spotlight after the murder of Ms. Everard. The 33-year-old vanished off a London street on March 3, and her body was later found in a wooded area. A police officer was charged in her death. An independent investigation has been launched into conduct of the police, and the controversy raised questions about the ban on protests during the pandemic. More broadly, the police's heavy-handed response to the vigil catalyzed the movement against the policing bill, shifting the debate to one about police overreach. The vigil took place just days before the crime bill was set to be debated in Parliament. The problem with the bill, critics say, is not just that it gives officers more power to tamp down on demonstrations. The bill makes no specific mention of violence against women — indeed, it includes more language about the defacing of a statute than it does about crimes motivated by misogyny. A number of protests against the bill have been held nationally since the vigil for Ms. Everard in London. Last week, hundreds gathered outside government buildings, with crowds parading from Parliament Square to police headquarters in largely peaceful demonstrations. Other protests were held nationally last weekend. The bill has already passed one hurdle in Parliament, despite the concerns over civil liberties, when it was voted through during its second reading last week amid heated debate. Now it goes to committee, when it will be assessed in detail, and experts and interest groups can weigh in. When that is over, the committee will report its findings — and perhaps suggest amendments — to the House of Commons, where it will be debated again. But that process has been put off until later this year. The government has tried to use the passions set off by Ms. Everard’s death to secure passage of the policing bill. The sweeping new police powers it contains, officials argue, would make women safer. As the dispute has heated up, some lawmakers are taking a new look the bill. The Labour party had originally planned to abstain from voting on the bill, but shifted its position last week to instead vote against it. David Lammy, a Labour lawmaker who is the opposition party’s justice spokesman, called the legislation “a mess.” “The tragic death of Sarah Everard has instigated a national demand for action to tackle violence against women,” Mr. Lammy said. “This is no time to be rushing through poorly thought-out measures to impose disproportionate controls on free expression and the right to protest.” Advertisement ",709,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886038994,2021-03-23 02:16:08,TikTok owner ByteDance takes on Tencent after acquiring major mobile gaming studio,https://www.cnbc.com/2021/03/23/bytedance-takes-on-tencent-with-major-gaming-studio-acquisition.html,en,False,,1755,CNBC,http://www.cnbc.com/,"Known as the owner of TikTok or Douyin in China, ByteDance is looking to diversify beyond advertising and take a slice of the $86 billion mobile gaming market as well as expand its footprint internationally. ByteDance's gaming arm Nuverse, founded in 2019, was behind the acquisition. ""Moonton is the perfect partner to help expand our gaming strategy in international markets,"" ByteDance said in a statement. Reuters reported that the deal valued Moonton at $4 billion, citing two unnamed sources. ByteDance declined to comment on the value of the deal. ""This is a mega deal in the global gaming industry, not only within China. So the M&A craze in the gaming sector continues, and I believe ByteDance is still on the lookout for other studios,"" Serkan Toto, CEO of consultancy Kantan Games, told CNBC. ""Be prepared for a long war between Tencent and ByteDance for acquiring game content."" Tencent is a world leader in mobile gaming and behind some of the top titles. It has managed to do this over the past few years via acquisitions and taking strategic stakes in smaller companies as well as developing its own titles. This has allowed Tencent to have an extensive portfolio of games that continue to rake in money for the company. It has also allowed Tencent to expand internationally, a feat that ByteDance is also hoping to achieve. Moonton is famous for ""Mobile Legends"" a so-called multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) game where teams fight each other in large virtual arenas. Popular titles in this category include Tencent's ""Honor of Kings"" and ""League of Legends"" which was developed by Riot Games. ""Mobile Legends"" is popular in southeast Asia. And ByteDance last year partnered with gaming firm Gravity to release ""Ragnarok X: Next Generation"" in the region. ""Bytedance is taking a global approach to its video game business from day one,"" gaming analyst firm Niko Partners wrote in a note to clients. The company could use the social media platform to promote games and attract users. ""With Bytedance at the helm, the two firms (Moonton and ByteDance) could leverage TikTok / Douyin to promote Mobile Legends in markets such as China and the US where Tencent's Honor of Kings and Riots' League of Legends: Wild Rift are the dominant mobile MOBA titles,"" Niko Partners said. But ByteDance may not be able to rely on acquisitions alone to be successful in gaming. ""The biggest challenge for Bytedance will be to create a self-developed hit that it can operate over the long term. Hence why it is signing publishing deals to publish games based on popular IP and acquiring game development firms with a proven record of success,"" Niko Partners added. Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. ",509,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886036131,2021-03-23 00:05:00,‘I feel un-American. My appliances are 20 years old. I shop in thrift stores’: My wife wants a nicer place to live. What do I do?,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/i-feel-un-american-my-appliances-are-10-years-old-i-shop-in-thrift-stores-my-wife-wants-a-nicer-place-to-live-what-do-i-do-2021-03-23?siteid=yhoof2&yptr=yahoo,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,"Dear Quentin, During my 20s, I was broke. I bought my first house and lived alone, stretched to my limits. I had three maxed-out credit cards and lived paycheck to paycheck. Today, I’m in my 40s, married and in a much better financial situation. My 401(k) has done very well over the last 20 years. We have slush money invested in the stock market, a savings account that matches our salaries, and enough money for travel several times a year. We have no credit-card debt. Here’s my issue: My experience in my 20s has had a major impact on how I view debt and money. I’m obsessed over it. I drive a car that’s falling apart to avoid a car payment. I wear shoes that are three years old, and purchase insoles or laces as necessary.  Our appliances are 20 years old. Much to my wife’s dismay, I keep fixing them with a $10 part. I am comfortable living this way. I grew up on hand-me-down clothes and I shop in thrift-store shoes. Our quality of life is really good compared to when I was a kid. This is affecting our overall happiness. Our friends have much nicer homes with stone facades, big bedrooms and hotel-like master bathrooms. Every other neighbor drives a newer Lexus or Audi. Our friends and other people on social media are doing fun things all the time, or at least creating the impression that they’re in the Florida Keys every couple months.  I live in fear. I’m afraid of credit-card debt. I never want to go through that again. I fear that if I bought a $300,000 home in the suburbs I could lose my job next month. People lose their jobs all the time. I don’t want to be one of those people who lost their house due to financial hardship.  I worry that another downturn could happen, and the house would lose a third of its value. I don’t even know if I want to live here for the rest of my life. My issue is more than simply living frugally. It’s an everyday, obsessive worry about money. I feel un-American, refusing to take on house debt, car debt and credit-card debt so that neighbors in our suburbs can see that we have “nice” things. Hey, the stone isn’t real, the trim molding is plastic composite and the doors are hollow anyway! What can I do? In Search of Balance Dear Balance, On the contrary, your thriftiness and ability to stretch your dollars and cents are very American — as is your ability to learn from past mistakes, and do the best to ensure that you and your wife have a good life. A lot of people remember the lessons of the Great Recession, and how many Americans overextended themselves, particularly by buying property. And that was far from just a malady in the U.S. But you have given yourself a second act financially. I don’t know anything more American than that.  Give yourself credit for not being obsessed with keeping up with the Joneses, and not feeling like you have to compete. If you are renting your condo, consider the equity and tax advantages of owning a home and how much peace of mind you might feel in the future when 30% or 50% or 80% of that home is paid off. That is just one more way to secure your future tomorrow, and rest easy today. Where you appear to have become stuck is your ability to enjoy what you have, and let go and live a little, even if it means meeting your wife halfway. The reason we all work is so we can have a comfortable — and hopefully happy — life. By reliving your experience from your 20s and punishing yourself in your 40s, you are holding yourself back emotionally. You need to believe that you really deserve what you have achieved, and you deserve happiness to be happy. Perhaps the same saboteur that led to your financial mismanagement in the past is playing a role in your fear of losing what you have earned today. We all know the acronym False Experiences Appearing Real or one like it, but in order to free yourself from that you have to do battle with your saboteur on two fronts: Look back and examine why you won’t allow yourself to relax and be happy, and look forward and put your faith in a financial plan that’s in both your and your wife’s comfort zones. Without a plan, we would all be living a little on the edge. With help from an adviser or a financial therapist, you can put some of these demons to rest. More from Quentin Fottrell Quentin Fottrell is MarketWatch's Managing Editor-Personal Finance and The Moneyist columnist. You can follow him on Twitter @quantanamo. Quentin Fottrell is MarketWatch's Managing Editor-Personal Finance and The Moneyist columnist. You can follow him on Twitter @quantanamo. ",830,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886034024,2021-03-23 02:04:58,"There have been two mass shootings in less than a week, a trend previously unseen throughout the pandemic",https://www.businessinsider.com/there-been-two-mass-shootings-in-less-than-week-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. Less than a week before authorities say 10 people were killed by a gunman at a Colorado supermarket, eight people were fatally shot at three Atlanta-area spas.   In 2020, the archive recorded 611 mass shootings, which it defines as any attack in which at least four people are shot by one person. In most of those instances, the perpetrator is thought to have known the victims. The criminologist James Alan Fox told the AP he was hopeful that the lull of mass public shootings during lockdowns would help slow down a cycle in which high-profile shootings actually inspire others to act out. Fox also told the AP that mass shootings were often carried out by people who feel victimized and that the widespread suffering of the pandemic might have made those people feel less isolated relative to others. The AP reported analysis by experts that the more we talk about mass killings, the more likely it is for a gunman to become interested in perpetrating one. ""There had been a hope that maybe we broke the cycle and maybe we won't return,"" Peterson told The Times after the Georgia attacks. ""Now that it's back, a number of scholars are really concerned."" 
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",323,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886034489,2021-03-23 02:00:00,"No, The Cosmic Controversy Over The Expanding Universe Isn’t A Calibration Error",https://www.forbes.com/sites/startswithabang/2021/03/23/no-the-cosmic-controversy-over-the-expanding-universe-isnt-a-calibration-error/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"It’s been nearly 100 years since we discovered that the Universe was expanding. Ever since, the scientists who study the expanding Universe have argued over two details of that expansion in particular. First off, there’s the question of how fast: what is the rate of expansion of the Universe, as we measure it today? And second, there’s the question of how this expansion rate changes over time, since the way the expansion changes is completely dependent on exactly what’s in our Universe.  If you want to measure how fast the Universe is expanding, there are basically two different ways to do it. You can: and put all of those things together to infer the expansion of the Universe. These two methods, respectively, are both used for measuring the expanding Universe. The “light bulb” metaphor is known as a standard candle, while the “measuring stick” method is known as a standard ruler. If space were static and unchanging, these two methods would give you identical results. If you have a candle at a distance of 100 meters, and then you measure its brightness, placing it twice as far away would make it appear just one-quarter as bright. Similarly, if you placed a 30-cm (12”) ruler at a distance of 100 meters, and then doubled the distance, it would appear just half as big. But in the expanding Universe, these two quantities don’t evolve in this straightforward manner. Instead, as an object gets more distant, it actually gets fainter more quickly than your standard expectation of “double the distance, one-fourth the brightness” that we use in when we neglect the expansion of the Universe. And, on the other hand, the farther away an object gets, it appears smaller and smaller, but only to a point, and then appears to get larger again. Standard candles and standard rulers both work, but they work in a fundamentally different way from one another in the expanding Universe, and this is one of the many, many ways that geometry is a little bit counterintuitive in General Relativity. So, what could you do if you had a standard candle: an object whose intrinsic brightness you simply knew? Each one that you found, you could measure how bright it appeared. Based on how distances and brightnesses work in the expanding Universe, you could infer how far away it is. Then, you could also measure how much its light had been shifted from its emitted value; the physics of atoms, ions and molecules doesn’t change, so if you measure the details of the light, you can know how much the light has shifted before it reaches your eyes. Then you put it all together. You’ll have lots of different data points — one for each such object at a particular distance — and that allows you to reconstruct how the Universe has expanded at many different epochs throughout our cosmic history. Part of the light is stretched because of the expansion of the Universe, and part is because of the relative motion of the emitting source to the observer. Only with large numbers of data points can we eliminate that second effect, enabling us to reveal and quantify the effect of cosmic expansion. We call this generic method the “distance ladder” method of measuring the Universe’s expansion. The idea is that we start off close by, and we know the distance to a variety of objects. For example, we can look at some of the stars within our own Milky Way, and we can observe how they change position over the course of a year. As the Earth moves around the Sun and the Sun moves through the galaxy, the closer stars will appear to shift relative to the more distant ones. Through the technique of parallax, we can directly measure the distances to the stars, at least in terms of the Earth-Sun distance. Then, we can find those same types of stars in other galaxies, and hence — if we know how stars work (and astronomers are pretty good at that) — we can measure the distances to those galaxies, too. Finally, we can measure that “standard candle” in those galaxies as well as others, and can extend our measurements of distance, apparent brightness, and redshift to galaxies that are as far away as we can see. On the other hand, there’s a specific “ruler” that we have in the Universe, too. Not an object like a black hole, neutron star, planet, normal star, or galaxy, mind you, but a particular distance: the acoustic scale. Way, way back in the very early Universe, we had atomic nuclei, electrons, photons, neutrinos, and dark matter, among other ingredients.  The massive stuff — dark matter, atomic nuclei, and electrons — all gravitate, and the regions that have more amounts of this stuff than others will try to pull more matter into them: gravity is attractive. But at early times, the radiation, particularly the photons, have a lot of energy, and as a gravitationally overdense region tries to grow, the radiation streams out of it, causing its energy to drop. Meanwhile, the normal matter collides with both itself and with the photons, while the dark matter doesn’t collide with anything. At a critical moment, the Universe cools enough so that neutral atoms can form without being blasted apart by the most energetic photons, and this whole process comes to a halt. That “imprint” is left on the face of the CMB: the cosmic microwave background, or the remnant radiation from the Big Bang itself. At this moment, which occurs some ~380,000 years after the hot Big Bang, there’s lots of matter that’s falling into overdense regions for the first time. If the Universe remained ionized, those photons would continue streaming out of those overdense regions, pushing back against the matter and washing that structure out. But the fact that it becomes neutral means there’s a “preferred distance scale” in the cosmos, which translates to us becoming more likely to find a galaxy a particular distance away from another, rather than slightly closer or slightly farther away. Today, that distance is about 500 million light-years: you’re more likely to find a galaxy about 500 million light-years away from another than you are to find one either 400 million or 600 million light-years away. But at earlier times in the Universe, when it had yet to expand to its present size, all of those distance scales were compressed. By measuring the clustering of galaxies today and at a variety of distances, as well as by measuring the spectrum of temperature fluctuations and temperature-polarization fluctuations in the CMB, we can reconstruct how the Universe has expanded throughout its history. This is where we encounter today’s cosmic puzzle. Although there have been disputes over the Hubble constant in the past, the community has never had a more agreed-upon picture than right now. The Hubble Key Project — a distance ladder/standard candle result — taught us that the Universe was expanding at a specific rate: 72 km/s/Mpc, with an uncertainty of about 10%. That means, for every Megaparsec (3.26 million light-years) an object is from us, it will appear to recede by 72 km/s, which appears as part of its measured redshift. The farther away we look, the greater the effect of the expanding Universe. Over the past 20 years, we’ve made a number of important advances: more statistics, greater precision, improved equipment, better understanding of systematics, etc. The distance ladder/standard candle value has shifted slightly: to 74 km/s/Mpc, but the uncertainties are much lower: down to about 2%. Meanwhile, measurements of the CMB, the CMB’s polarization, and the large-scale clustering of the Universe have poured in, and have given us a different “standard ruler” value: 67 km/s/Mpc, with an uncertainty of just 1%. These values are consistent with themselves but inconsistent with one another, and nobody knows why. Unfortunately, the most unproductive thing we can do is one of the most common things that scientists have been doing to one another: accuse the other camp of making an unidentified error.  “Oh, if the acoustic scale is wrong by just ~30 million light-years, the discrepancy goes away.” But the data fixes the acoustic scale to about ten times that precision. “Oh, lots of values are consistent with the CMB.” But not at the precisions we have; if you force the expansion rate higher, the fits to the data worsen substantially. “Oh, well, maybe there’s a problem with the distance ladder. Maybe the Gaia measurements will improve our parallaxes. Or maybe the Cepheids are calibrated incorrectly. Or — if you have a new favorite — maybe we mis-estimate the absolute magnitude of supernovae.” The problem with these arguments is that even if one of them were correct, they wouldn’t eliminate this tension. There are so many independent lines of evidence — beyond Cepheids, beyond supernovae, etc. — that even if we threw out the most compelling evidence for any one result entirely, there are many others to fill in those gaps, and they get the same result. There really are two different sets of answers we get dependent on how we measure the expanding Universe, and even if there were a serious flaw in the data, somewhere, the conclusion wouldn’t change. For years, people tried to poke every possible hole in the supernova data to try and reach a different conclusion than a dark energy-rich Universe whose expansion was accelerating. In the end, there was too much other data; by 2004 or 2005, even if you ignored all the supernova data together, the evidence for dark energy was overwhelming. Today, it’s much the same story: even if you (unjustifiably, mind you) ignored all of the supernova data, there’s too much evidence that supports this dual, but mutually inconsistent, view of the Universe. We have the Tully-Fisher relation: from rotating spiral galaxies. We have Faber-Jackson and fundamental plane relations: from swarming elliptical galaxies. We have surface brightness fluctuations and gravitational lenses. They all yield the same results as the supernova teams — a faster-expanding Universe — except with slightly less precision. Most importantly, there's still this unresolved tension with all of the ""early relic"" (or standard ruler) methods, which give us a slower-expanding Universe. The problem is still unresolved, with many of the once-proposed solutions already ruled out for a variety of reasons. With more and better data than ever before, it’s becoming clear that this is not a problem that will go away even if a major error is suddenly identified. We have two fundamentally different ways of measuring the Universe’s expansion, and they disagree with each other. Perhaps the most frightening option is this: that everyone is right, and the Universe is surprising us once more. ",1793,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886033151,2021-03-23 02:07:11,Rebels begin moving bodies from Malaysia Air crash site,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-rebels-begin-moving-bodies-from-malaysia-air-crash-site/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886040505,2021-03-23 01:50:02,Your Tuesday Briefing,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/briefing/your-tuesday-briefing.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by Mass shooting at a Colorado grocery store. Send any friend a story As officers secured the building, more than a dozen people were led out of the supermarket, a King Soopers in a residential area a couple of miles south of the campus of the University of Colorado. The grocery store usually draws a mix of families and college students. “This is a tragedy and a nightmare for Boulder County,” said the Boulder County district attorney, Michael Dougherty. Across Europe, protesters on both the left and the right demonstrating against strict coronavirus restrictions have drawn harsh police responses, prompting questions about the legitimacy of the police and tactics used by officers. With much of Europe facing a third wave of infections that might keep lockdowns in place for weeks or even months longer, analysts warn that tensions on the streets are likely to escalate. A second package would include free community college, universal prekindergarten, a national paid leave program and tax credits to reduce child care costs, according to people familiar with the plans and documents obtained by The New York Times. But whether Democrats can push the programs through Congress, given their narrow majorities in both chambers, depends in part on how the bills are funded. Officials have discussed offsetting some or all of the infrastructure spending by raising taxes on corporations, a move that would be unpopular with Republicans. France’s labor minister, Élisabeth Borne, has been hospitalized with Covid-19, the authorities announced, a first for a top French official. “It is this bookstore that best embodied the spirit of the Latin Quarter,” said Éric Anceau, a historian teaching at the Sorbonne. “It’s culture, accessible to all! We will lose that spirit when we lose Gibert.” Has the pandemic affected our collective attitude toward grief? There are many shadow pandemics. One is the trauma to the entire health profession during this last year. The other trauma is the roughly 10 people for every person who has died from Covid who are grieving. That’s over five million people. That is a shadow pandemic that will be with us long after we get the virus under control. Are there aspects of the human experience of chronic illness or pain that used to be mysterious to you that you now understand?  My perspective on trauma has a bigger scale than it used to — a species-level and tribal-level scale. And as I read the news, I don’t know whether we’re going to evolve our way out of this. The need to hate and kill the other is a determinative human characteristic, and it informs so many aspects of our society.  I also don’t see a disconnect between what has happened to the practice of medicine and that reality, because what’s happened to medicine is being driven by a societal commitment to profit above all else. And what is that? It’s trauma. That’s it for today’s briefing. Thanks for joining me. — Natasha Advertisement ",497,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886038987,2021-03-23 02:06:46,"U.S. stimulus will cause 'positive spillovers' in Europe, ECB chief economist says",https://www.cnbc.com/2021/03/23/ecbs-philip-lane-biden-stimulus-will-cause-positive-spillovers.html,en,False,,1755,CNBC,http://www.cnbc.com/,"And the euro zone is expecting to benefit from that too. ""Of course, the initial impact was visible more in the financial market, but over time, as this stimulus gets rolled out, it will be a significant engine for the world economy,"" Lane added. European officials often come under criticism for not providing similar fiscal power to the United States. The 27 European nations, for example, agreed in July to implement a 750 billion euro ($895 billion) joint stimulus, but those funds have not yet been distributed. ""Given the nature of the U.S. you can have very large fiscal packages embodied in a single piece of legislation. As you know in the European situation we've a mix, we have 19 fiscal policies and then we have the joint fiscal action,"" Lane said. Lane pointed to a recent meeting among euro zone finance ministers, where there were commitments to ""an agile fiscal response"" with no early exit. At the same meeting, European officials also said that it is likely that stricter budgetary targets will remain on hold in 2022, so member states will continue to have the capacity to address the economic challenges of the coronavirus pandemic. The euro area has been severely hit by the health emergency, having contracted almost 7% in 2020. Though the ECB has forecast a growth rate of 4% for the euro area this year, this comes with a large level of uncertainty. The economic performance will depend on the evolution of the pandemic, including new variants; as well as the vaccination rollout, which has been difficult for the EU so far. In addition, some EU nations are currently facing the start of a third wave of infections and have therefore imposed tougher restrictions on movement. In this context, whether at the national or European level, Lane suggested that member states might soon be discussing how to provide more help for their populations. ""The parameters of the fiscal debate have clearly moved with the U.S. decision. And it is an important issue for European policymakers to reflect upon about how to calibrate the European fiscal response, and to make sure it's sufficient to get through this pandemic,"" Lane said. Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. ",426,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886033150,2021-03-23 02:10:11,A journey through Henry David Thoreau’s Maine woods,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/a-journey-through-henry-david-thoreaus-maine-woods/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886033148,2021-03-23 02:11:11,Ronald Reagan's one-liners,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/ronald-reagans-one-liners/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886033146,2021-03-23 02:12:12,The Astronaut wives club,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/the-astronaut-wives-club-1/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886033144,2021-03-23 02:14:11,Nature: Virginia's marshland birds,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/nature-virginias-marshland-birds/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886042962,2021-03-23 06:00:16,Just 17 Products From Amazon You’ll Probably Want If You Have A Ferret,https://www.buzzfeed.com/beccaglasserbaker/best-ferret-products-amazon,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"These are ~oddly specific~ must-haves items for all ferret parents out there. BuzzFeed Contributor We hope you love the products we recommend! All of them were independently selected by our editors. Just so you know, BuzzFeed collects a share of sales and/or other compensation from the links on this page. Oh, and FYI — prices are accurate and items in stock as of time of publication. The reviews used in this post have been edited for length and clarity. ",80,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886033142,2021-03-23 02:15:11,"Bob Schieffer: ""The United States is a tough old bird""",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/bob-schieffer-the-united-states-is-a-tough-old-bird/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886033141,2021-03-23 02:16:10,"Open: This is Face the Nation, July 20",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/open-this-is-face-the-nation-july-20/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886042477,2021-03-23 01:31:21,"China: 3,000-year-old gold mask sparks online meme",https://news.yahoo.com/china-3-000-old-gold-052631571.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886033140,2021-03-23 02:17:11,Malaysia Airlines Flight 17: What if Russia was involved?,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-what-if-russia-was-involved/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886042457,2021-03-23 01:00:11,UN Women urges world to press gender equality post-pandemic,https://news.yahoo.com/un-women-urges-world-press-050011149.html,en,True,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The U.N.’s premiere global body fighting for gender equality should be tackling the yawning gap between men and women when it comes to political leadership and ensuring women have a strong voice in rebuilding economies after the COVID-19 pandemic -- not arguing about preserving sexual and reproductive rights for women as it is doing now, the head of UN Women says. Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka said in an interview with The Associated Press that the pandemic has left women facing increasing domestic violence and being laid off from two-thirds of the jobs lost during the coronavirus crisis. In addition, 11 million girls are at risk of never returning to school, child marriage has increased, and there are more orphans and child-headed homes, she said. “So whatever you touch, women are in a bad space, as a result of the pandemic” and the underlying discrimination “that has always been there,"" she said. “This therefore suggests that building back better is about gender equality, just as it’s about green economies and any equitable sharing of resources.” What the pandemic has made clear, as U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said on International Women’s Day earlier this month, is that “this is still a male-dominated world with a male-dominated culture.” But he said the pandemic “has also forced a reckoning with global inequalities, fragilities and entrenched gender discrimination.’’ Mlambo-Ngcuka said all these issues are currently playing out at the two-week meeting of the U.N. Commission on the Status of Women which ends Friday. And they are also certain to be on the agenda at two major upcoming events in Mexico City and Paris which are part of the delayed 25th anniversary of the 1995 Beijing women’s conference that adopted a 150-page road map to achieve gender equality. UN Women's executive director said one hope from the commission meeting is to spur governments to adopt mandatory measures to achieve political parity. According to the Inter-Parliamentary Union, only 25 percent of lawmakers worldwide are women and only 22 countries have a female head of state or government, with Europe topping the list. Mlambo-Ngcuka quoted U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris, who addressed the commission last week, saying, “the status of women is the status of democracy.” “It is not doing women a favor,” Mlambo-Ngcuka said. “It’s actually giving democracy credibility by showing that the interests and number of women who participate in public institutions ... improve the quality of the decisions that are made.” But she said the outcome document from this year’s commission meeting, which is supposed to focus on promoting women’s leadership and combatting violence, is facing “pushback” on “the same old issues, sexual and reproductive rights” for women, that are part of the 1995 Beijing platform. There are also countries “that do not want to talk about human rights, who do not want to talk about human rights defenders, who are watching that we don’t do anything that acknowledges nonconforming gender roles,” Mlambo-Ngcuka said. “Asking about sexual and reproductive rights when we are asking about increased participation of women and making this a do-or-die issue is almost taking everyone away from the broader theme,"" she lamented. Mlambo-Ngcuka was also sharply critical that 80% of countries have COVID-19 task teams to address problems created or exacerbated during the pandemic that are comprised predominantly of men. Yet, these teams need to tackle issues affecting women, including gender-based violence, lost jobs and the digital gender gap that has left more women and girls without digital skills increasingly essential to get jobs in the 21st century, she said. “How can you make decisions about women without participation of women?” she asked. “This is a recipe for disaster.” UN Women is now engaging countries to try to ensure adequate female representation, Mlambo-Ngcuka said in the interview last Thursday. On a positive note, she said, 144 countries have taken stronger measures to address violence against women and for the first time since the pandemic governments are interested in looking into the “care economy” — including proper infrastructure for child care, community-based facilities to support and look after older people, and the state of health systems. Mlambo-Ngcuka said she expects this to be a major area of discussion at the two Generation Equality forums in Mexico City from March 29-31 and in Paris from June 30-July2. At both events, she said, there will be a focus on bringing in young people, civil society, the private sector, technology companies along with governments to support projects including on ending violence against women, bridging the digital divide, and ensuring that the 11 million girls at risk of dropping out remain in school. By the end of the Paris meeting, she said, “we would like to present to the world ... a menu of interventions that address gender equality."" “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family Markieff Morris: I love to see the hate! No doubt I took a hard foul which I always do but I've never hit a man with his back turned! Luckily we built different over here. I can take my licks and keep pushing. Joker 1 smooth 0 lol. Source: Twitter ... Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? The Patriots made three roster moves Monday that suggest more transactions could be coming ahead of Sunday's game against the Browns. Mayfield wished OBJ well personally but also made it clear he was happy with the Browns team now sans Beckham ",1266,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886040502,2021-03-23 02:00:02,Word of the Day: abject,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/learning/word-of-the-day-abject.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by Word of the day This word has appeared in 79 articles on NYTimes.com in the past year. Can you use it in a sentence? Send any friend a story _________ In the past month, hundreds of students have dropped out of their fraternities and sororities at Vanderbilt University. They have gathered, digitally, using group-run Instagram activist pages. They have written searing op-eds condemning their own organizations for the student newspaper, The Vanderbilt Hustler. And they have petitioned the administration to ban Greek organizations from campus. Based on the definition and example provided, write a sentence using today’s Word of the Day and share it as a comment on this article. It is most important that your sentence makes sense and demonstrates that you understand the word’s definition, but we also encourage you to be creative and have fun. Then, read some of the other sentences students have submitted and use the “Recommend” button to vote for two original sentences that stand out to you. Students ages 13 and older in the United States and the United Kingdom, and 16 and older elsewhere, can comment. All comments are moderated by the Learning Network staff. Advertisement ",198,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886047222,2021-03-23 02:02:45,Covid-19 vaccines and counterfeit vaccine cards are for sale on the dark web,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/xcWQi7BN_FM/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886040500,2021-03-23 02:11:21,Stephen Colbert Breaks It Down for Spring Breakers,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/arts/television/stephen-colbert-spring-break.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by Best of Late Night “Hot tip for Miami authorities: If you want young people to stop partying, don’t instate a curfew, just invite a few dads,” Colbert joked.  Send any friend a story On Monday night, Stephen Colbert chastised the city’s mayor, Dan Gelber, for saying those partyers were not “following the rules.” “Yes, he wants a spring break that’s not chaotic or disorderly, like in those famous videos, ‘Girls Gone Mild,’” Colbert said. Trevor Noah looked into the gender disparities taking place as part of this year’s March Madness basketball tournament. Megan Mullally and Nick Offerman will catch up with Seth Meyers on Tuesday’s “Late Night.” Not sure what to watch next? We can help. Advertisement ",122,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886042451,2021-03-23 00:13:09,Biden Cabinet near complete but hundreds of jobs still open,https://news.yahoo.com/biden-cabinet-near-complete-hundreds-041309716.html,en,True,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"WASHINGTON (AP) — President Joe Biden’s Cabinet is nearly complete with the confirmation of Labor Secretary Marty Walsh. But the work of building his administration is just beginning, as Biden has hundreds of key presidential appointments to make to fill out the federal government. The process of building out a government, according to Paul Light, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, is “nasty, brutish, and not at all short.” According to Max Stier, president and CEO of the partnership, filling out those key posts will likely take the better part of the year — and those vacancies have real-world consequences. Many agencies, he said, have various sections ""that have leadership that really runs that specific component,” Stier said. Aside from Walsh, who was confirmed Monday by a 68-29 vote, there are a few finishing touches for his Cabinet-level appointees. The Senate has yet to confirm Eric Lander as Biden’s top science adviser, and the White House still hasn’t named anyone to head his Budget office, after Neera Tanden withdrew her nomination amid controversy. The White House is facing pressure from lawmakers on Capitol Hill to name Shalanda Young, the current nominee for deputy budget director, to the top role. Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer has set up confirmation votes this week for Young, along with Vivek Murthy for surgeon general and Rachel Leland Levine for assistant secretary of Health and Human Services, among others, before the Senate adjourns for recess until mid-April. Beneath the Cabinet heads that have been confirmed are numerous sub-departments that remain leaderless. Many have only acting heads in place even as the administration faces a number of pressing situations in addition to the coronavirus pandemic. Recent crimes against Asian Americans have sparked fresh debate over the nation’s gun laws, but Biden has yet to nominate anyone to head the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms. And the wave of migrants at the border is underscoring major challenges in enforcing immigration and asylum laws. Biden hasn’t nominated anyone to head the three key agencies in charge of much of their implementation: Customs and Border Protection; U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services; and Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Asked last week about those vacancies, White House press secretary Jen Psaki said they were “all important agencies” but offered no timeline for naming nominees. There are also key vacancies at the Department of Health and Human Services that will play a significant role in addressing the coronavirus pandemic. Biden has named Chiquita Brooks-LaSure to be the administrator for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, but it’s unclear who he’ll choose to head the Food and Drug Administration, which plays an important role in approving vaccines and treatments for the pandemic. “The federal government is not so much headless as neck-less. The sub-Cabinet — the associates, the assistants, the deputy secretaries, and then all of the political appointees they bring with them — those are the nerve endings, that’s the spinal cord down into the guts of the hierarchy,” said Light. Department heads ""do not make things happen by fiat. They have to work through the channels that exist, and a vacancy is always a threat to effective delivery.” Senate panels are also holding a handful of confirmation hearings this week as lawmakers turn their focus to issues such as the cost of prescription drugs, gun violence and the state of the 2020 Census. Committees are holding confirmation hearings for Samantha Power to serve as administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development, Cynthia Minette Marten to be deputy secretary of Education, and Deanne Bennett Criswell to be the next FEMA administrator. A panel is also considering the nomination of Admiral John C. Aquilino to be commander of the Defense Department’s United States Indo-Pacific Command. A panel will also vote on advancing the nomination of Polly Ellen Trottenberg to be deputy secretary of transportation. Overall, the pace is slower than that under Presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton, as the Biden team was hamstrung from the start because of what they said was a lack of cooperation from Trump administration officials throughout the transition. Senate Democrats did not win a majority of seats in the chamber until the Jan. 5 Georgia runoff elections, and then it took nearly a month for Democratic and Republican leadership to agree on a resolution governing the organization of the chamber, which further delayed committee work. Democrats privately acknowledge that Trump’s second impeachment trial also slowed down the process. Biden has ""caught up a little bit, but he’s still a long way from the finish line,” Light said. He warned that some of the vacancies could create a political problem for Biden, because “he needs to show that he can run this bizarre and overlayered government to the public’s benefit.” “Any major delays or a slip of some kind, where the paper doesn’t get signed or the check doesn’t get out the door on time, that’s the worst case for him,” Light said. And even as the Biden administration moves through picking nominees, there's no guarantee they'll all receive a smooth confirmation. Colin Kahl, who was nominated for undersecretary of defense for policy and Julie Su for deputy labor secretary, have faced opposition from Republicans. And some of the deputies have become political footballs for Republicans looking to score concessions from the Biden administration. Texas Sen. Ted Cruz released his hold on William Burns, Biden’s nominee for CIA director, and Brian McKeon, Biden’s pick for deputy secretary of state for management and resources, after Secretary of State Antony Blinken indicated the administration supported further sanctions focused on a controversial gas pipeline from Russia to Germany. Cruz continues to hold up Biden’s nominee for deputy secretary of state, Wendy Sherman, until sanctions are imposed. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family Markieff Morris: I love to see the hate! No doubt I took a hard foul which I always do but I've never hit a man with his back turned! Luckily we built different over here. I can take my licks and keep pushing. Joker 1 smooth 0 lol. Source: Twitter ... Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? The Patriots made three roster moves Monday that suggest more transactions could be coming ahead of Sunday's game against the Browns. Mayfield wished OBJ well personally but also made it clear he was happy with the Browns team now sans Beckham ",1430,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886047220,2021-03-23 02:12:29,10 dead in a mass shooting at a grocery store in Colorado -- and another community's peace is shattered,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/t1TmeZs7ed0/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,"CNN's Konstantin Toropin, Alisha Ebrahimji, Steve Almasy, Paul P. Murphy, Blake Ellis, Whitney Wild, Melissa Gray, Keith Allen and Joe Sutton contributed to this report. ",26,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886040497,2021-03-23 02:13:48,Study results boost the case for using Regeneron’s antibody cocktail in high-risk Covid patients.,https://www.nytimes.com/live/2021/03/22/world/covid-vaccine-coronavirus-cases/study-results-boost-the-case-for-using-regenerons-antibody-cocktail-in-high-risk-covid-patients,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Regeneron’s treatment, a cocktail of two antibody drugs, was given last fall to President Donald J. Trump shortly after he got sick with Covid-19 and is now one of three such therapies available in the United States. The new results come from a Phase 3 trial that enrolled more than 4,500 patients beginning in late September, around the time virus cases began to climb dangerously in the United States. The study found that patients who got the infused treatment within 10 days of developing symptoms or testing positive had a roughly 70 percent reduced risk of being hospitalized or dying compared with patients who were infused with a placebo. “I think these are exciting data,” said Dr. Rajesh Gandhi, an infectious diseases physician at Massachusetts General Hospital who was not involved in the study.  Even as vaccinations speed up, antibody treatments are expected to be helpful for high-risk people who still get sick for many months at least, and longer still if the virus can’t be wiped out. While there are signs that emerging virus variants may in some cases make antibodies less potent, Regeneron’s cocktail has not shown such vulnerability in laboratory tests. In the new findings, Regeneron’s treatment worked equally well when given at half the dosing at which it was authorized. Regeneron said that it planned to request that the Food and Drug Administration allow the treatment to be given at that reduced strength. Such a change would bring several advantages: While the cocktail is safe, getting it at a lower dose reduces the odds of side effects, such as an infusion reaction. The antibody treatments from Regeneron and the drug maker Eli Lilly, which makes the other two such drugs authorized in the United States, were expected to be in high demand and to serve as a bridge in fighting the pandemic before vaccinations ramped up. Instead, they ended up sitting on refrigerator shelves in many places even during recent surges. Many patients and their doctors did not know to ask for them or where to find them. Overwhelmed hospitals lacked the bandwidth to prioritize giving out the treatments. And some doctors were unconvinced by the relatively weak evidence available last fall supporting their use. That picture is gradually shifting, thanks to improved logistics and more awareness. And more solid evidence, like the new data from Regeneron, also appears to be helping the drugs get used more widely. “As the data get stronger and stronger, I would expect that use will increase,” Dr. Gandhi said. Advertisement ",423,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886047460,2021-03-23 01:51:54,Kansas' NCAA Tournament second-round exit finishes brutal season for college basketball blue bloods,http://rssfeeds.usatoday.com/~/647405098/0/usatodaycomsports-topstories~Kansas-NCAA-Tournament-secondround-exit-finishes-brutal-season-for-college-basketball-blue-bloods/,en,False,,4,USA Today,http://www.usatoday.com,"Kansas bowed out of the men's NCAA Tournament on Monday in an embarrassing 34-point loss to Southern California. It was a disappointing ending for the No. 3-seeded Jayhawks, but the game looked more like a formality than an upset against an underrated No. 6 seed from the Pac-12. Kansas had never lost an NCAA Tournament game by more than 16 points. Coach Bill Self told reporters after the game: ""They were obviously more prepared, played better, coached better, and we shot it miserably. ... That's about as poor as we can play."" KU's early exit solidifies the 2020-21 season as the worst ever for college basketball's blue-blood programs. Duke and Kentucky missed the NCAA Tournament in the same season for the first time since 1976. The Blue Devils (13-11) had their season end in abrupt fashion when a positive COVID-19 test forced them to withdraw from the ACC Tournament where an an automatic or at-large bid was on the line. The Wildcats (9-16) were nowhere in contention for the postseason, and it was the worst season in Lexington for a John Calipari-coached team. Kansas (21-9) seemed to be drifting towards the opposite of its blue-blood counterparts, going from losing five of seven in late January to winning eight of nine before a COVID-19 implication caused KU to withdraw from the Big 12 Tournament. While this team seemed shaky in its first-round opener against Eastern Washington, Monday's blowout was completely unexpected. There are two ways of looking at this season for Kansas. One is that Self got the most out of this team given the talent on the roster, finishing second in the Big 12 regular season and garnering a No. 3 seed when it seemed destined for a No 6 or No. 7 seed. Self had no NBA talent like he has in years' past or even a veteran like Frank Mason III or Udoka Azubuike. Instead he had a sum-of-its-parts team with five players averaging double figures. Another way of looking at 2020-21: Self and Kansas had yet another disappointing finish where they underplayed their seed. A No. 3 seed clears the pathway to a Sweet 16, and instead it's a round of 32 exit. That's a frustrating March Madness trend KU fans know all too well. Self is in the Hall of Fame for guiding this program to the 2008 national title and 15 of the last 17 regular-season Big 12 titles. And yet, in the NCAA Tournament, Kansas has a slew of disappointing exits under Self. ► As a No. 1 seed in 2010, KU was upset in the round of 32 by Northern Iowa. ► As a No. 2 seed in 2014 and 2015, KU was upset in the round of 32 by Stanford and Wichita State, respectively. ► Despite being a No. 1 seed in 2016 and 2017, Self's Kansas teams fell just short of a Final Four with Elite Eight finishes. Granted, Self has taken Kansas to three Final Fours and eight Elite Eights. It's not to say his job in Lawrence has been anything short of amazing. But it's also very gray considering the expectation fans can put on a program that garners a top seed. It gives fans both consistent hope (and consistent heartbreak). Kansas has earned a No. 1 seed eight times and turned it into two Final Fours. The Jayhawks have famously underplayed their seed in the NCAA Tournament. Bizarre, COVID-19-implicated season or not, this year is no different. At least they made the Dance, though — unlike Duke or Kentucky. ",592,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886042441,2021-03-23 00:17:02,Angela Merkel backs EU chief over AstraZeneca vaccine threat as she extends lockdown amid third wave,https://news.yahoo.com/angela-merkel-backs-eu-chief-041702413.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"""I support Commission President Ursula von der Leyen,"" Mrs Merkel said. ""We have a problem - as everyone knows - with AstraZeneca,"" she added. ""That is why we will decide responsibly. ""We will also seek talks with the British government, as I did with Boris Johnson on Sunday, as he did with Emmanuel Macron, and incidentally, he is also in constant contact with the European Commission."" The warning comes as the European Union struggles to speed up its Covid-19 inoculation campaign, just as many member states, including Germany, face a third coronavirus wave and renewed curbs on public life. In talks that ran deep into the night, Mrs Merkel pushed the leaders of Germany's 16 states to take a tougher stance to fight the pandemic, reversing plans for a gradual re-opening of the economy agreed earlier this month after a sharp rise in the infection rate. ""We are now basically in a new pandemic. The British mutation has become dominant,"" Mrs Merkel told a news conference. ""Fundamentally, we face a new virus of the same kind but with very different characteristics. More deadly, more infectious, and infectious for longer."" Germany started cautiously easing restrictions earlier this month. But the spread of more infectious variants of the virus has pushed up cases, prompting concerns that hospitals could soon be overstretched without further curbs. The number of cases per 100,000 people over a week stood at 107 on Monday, above the level at which intensive care units will be overwhelmed. More than 3,000 people with Covid-19 are in intensive care. For five days from April 1, Germans are to stay at home and reduce contacts as much as possible. But the late-night agreement did not include a closing of all stores, including essential shops like supermarkets, which Mrs Merkel had called for. Big family gatherings will be banned over the holidays, with no more than two households, or up to five people, being allowed to meet. The government will ask churches to hold any Easter services online to avoid gatherings. Economists said the extension of Germany's lockdown measures would delay a much hoped-for recovery in Europe's largest economy from spring until early summer. Talks had dragged on for hours as Mrs Merkel and state leaders were at loggerheads over whether to ease restrictions on domestic travel over the Easter holiday season. Germans can travel freely even amid the pandemic, but hotels and holiday resorts in the country are not allowed to rent rooms to tourists. That leaves travel abroad as the only option for those who are desperate to go on holidays. ""We advise against all travel abroad,"" Mrs Merkel said. Prime Minister Boris Johnson is understood to be prepared to compromise over the distribution of supplies manufactured at the Halix facility in the Netherlands. It is an option that could defuse the escalating row between London and Brussels over doses, and allow both sides to save face. While the UK has offered a first jab to more than 50 per cent of the adult population, only 12 per cent of adults in the EU have had their initial dose. The sluggish vaccine rollout on the continent is heaping pressure on European leaders. An EU diplomat confirmed that an acceptable compromise would be if the UK agreed to “share the delays” in deliveries with the bloc. Mrs Merkel said both herself and France’s Emmanuel Macron had spoken with Mr Johnson on the issue, and that a summit of EU leaders later this week will address the subject. Mr Johnson on Sunday called for deeper cross-border partnership on jab programmes, adding: “A vaccination campaign, developing vaccines, rolling them out: these are international projects, they require international cooperation.” He is understood to have impressed these sentiments, and the importance of abiding by legal contracts, in calls with Mrs Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron on Sunday. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family Markieff Morris: I love to see the hate! No doubt I took a hard foul which I always do but I've never hit a man with his back turned! Luckily we built different over here. I can take my licks and keep pushing. Joker 1 smooth 0 lol. Source: Twitter ... Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? The Patriots made three roster moves Monday that suggest more transactions could be coming ahead of Sunday's game against the Browns. Mayfield wished OBJ well personally but also made it clear he was happy with the Browns team now sans Beckham ",1113,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886047485,2021-03-23 02:07:04,Where Are We in Finding the Coronavirus’s Origin?,https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/where-are-we-in-finding-the-coronaviruss-origin/2021/03/23/482f9954-8b9a-11eb-a33e-da28941cb9ac_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_business,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"More than a year after Covid-19 touched off the worst pandemic in more than a century, scientists have yet to determine its origins. The closest related viruses to SARS-CoV-2 were found in bats more than 1,000 miles from the central Chinese city of Wuhan, where the disease erupted in late 2019. Initially, cases were tied to a fresh food market and possibly the wildlife sold there. Other theories allege the virus accidentally escaped from a nearby research laboratory, or entered China via imported frozen food. Amid all the posturing and finger-pointing, governments and scientists agree that deciphering the creation story is key to reducing the risk of future pandemics. 1. Why don’t we know where it came from? Where, when and how a pathogen crosses the species barrier and begins spreading in humans can be difficult, if not impossible, to pinpoint. Although SARS-CoV-2 is genetically similar to coronaviruses collected from a type of bat, it may have followed a long and convoluted path to Wuhan, a city of 11 million people. Scientists are tracing the earliest known cases to try to establish how they were infected, but the trail backward largely goes cold in early December 2019. Where a new disease starts spreading isn’t necessarily where it spilled over from the animal kingdom to infect the first human. HIV, for instance, is thought to have originated in chimpanzees in southeastern Cameroon, but didn’t begin spreading readily in people until the 1920s, when it reached the city of Kinshasa, hundreds of miles away. Scientists reported that finding in 2014, some three decades after the AIDS pandemic was recognized. 2. Who’s looking? The World Health Organization was asked in May to help with the research, and a team of 17 international scientists, including one based in the U.S., concluded a four-week joint mission with 17 researchers from China in early February. Their findings are slated to be released in March. Other groups, including an expert panel convened by the medical journal The Lancet called the Covid-19 Commission, are also probing the virus’s origins. 3. What do we know so far? Not much. Bats are the source of two coronaviruses that caused lethal outbreaks in people during the past two decades -- severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) and Middle Eastern respiratory syndrome (MERS) -- and the flying mammals are considered the reservoir host for SARS-CoV-2 as well as a plethora of other viruses. (A reservoir host is an animal that harbors a pathogen but isn’t sickened by it.) After SARS-CoV-2 emerged, Shi Zhengli, a virologist who heads a group that studies bat-borne coronaviruses at the Wuhan Institute of Virology, identified three closely related viruses collected during the previous 15 years. The closest, which is about 96% identical to SARS-CoV-2, was isolated from swabs and fecal material from Rhinolophus affinis, a species of horseshoe bat, in the southern Chinese province of Yunnan in 2013. Some researchers have linked that particular virus to a mineshaft in Mojiang county in Yunnan, where six men contracted a pneumonia-like disease in 2012 that killed three of them. Although SARS-CoV-2 and the virus from Yunnan may share a common ancestor, they’re not sufficiently similar to indicate SARS-CoV-2 was derived from the Yunnan virus. Sampling of bats in Hubei, the province of which Wuhan is the capital, haven’t found any positive for the pandemic strain. Coronaviruses sharing certain genetic features with SARS-CoV-2 have been found in other Rhinolophus bat species and pangolins, a scaly, ant-eating mammal, elsewhere in Asia, highlighting the broad distribution of related coronaviruses that may have contributed to SARS-CoV-2’s evolution. That’s led to multiple hypotheses for how and where it emerged. 4. What are the hypotheses? Scientists involved in the WHO-led mission identified four main ones: • the virus spilled over to humans directly from an animal reservoir; • the virus spilled over via an “intermediary” host species in which it may have undergone some adaptation, making it better suited to infecting humans and spreading from person to person; • the virus was introduced via the food chain by contaminated food or packaging; • the virus emerged as a result of a laboratory-related accident. Their initial findings suggest that an intermediary host species is the most likely pathway. Since no such animal or animals have so far been found, they said more research is required, including into the potential role that the trade in animals, animal products and frozen or refrigerated products might have played. 5. What’s known about the earliest Covid-19 cases? The WHO mission found no evidence of widespread SARS-CoV-2 circulation in Wuhan before December 2019. Among the earliest cases, symptoms began on Dec. 8. That suggests infections probably occurred around the start of December or late November. It’s possible the virus was transmitted multiple times and went extinct when infected individuals didn’t transmit the virus to anyone, according to researchers at the University of California, San Diego. Eventually, the virus infected someone who passed it to several people, who also passed it on to others, possibly in a super-spreading event. The researchers studied SARS-CoV-2 virus genomes and the pace at which they mutated and diversified from the earliest known specimens in Wuhan. From mid-October to mid-November 2019 is the most plausible period in which the first case of a person contracting SARS-CoV-2 emerged in Hubei province, they wrote in a March 18 paper in Science. How those people became infected, though, remains a mystery. 6. What role did the food market play? Researchers aren’t sure. It could have acted as a contamination source, an amplifier for human-to-human transmission, or both. A cluster of cases of pneumonia-like illness was identified among people who worked at, or had visited, the Huanan seafood market in downtown Wuhan. The so-called wet market had 653 stalls and more than 1,180 employees supplying seafood products as well as fresh fruit and vegetables, meat, and live animals before it closed on Jan. 1, 2020. Days before, 10 stall operators were trading live wild animals, including chipmunks, foxes, raccoons, wild boar, giant salamanders, hedgehogs, sika deer. Farmed, wild and domestic animals were also traded at the market including snakes, frogs, quails, bamboo rats, rabbits, crocodiles and badgers. Of Covid-19 cases linked to the market, the first became unwell on Dec. 12, 2019. Still, since the first known Covid-19 case preceded that by four days, it’s possible that SARS-CoV-2 was introduced to the market by an already infected person -- potentially a trader or a visitor not showing symptoms -- who passed it to others in a super-spreading event. Testing after the market was shut down that month found widespread contamination of surfaces compatible with SARS-CoV-2 being introduced through infected people, live animals, or tainted animal products or refrigerated items. Supply chains to the market were extensive, with goods arriving from other countries and various parts of China. Of the 336 samples collected from animals, none were positive for SARS-CoV-2, but it’s possible that not enough samples were taken. 7. Were there cases elsewhere? Yes. Some early cases occurred among individuals who were linked to other markets in Wuhan and some had no market links. In addition, genetic sequencing of viral specimens collected from patients early in the pandemic showed there was some diversity already present, suggesting SARS-CoV-2 was more broadly distributed in the city. 8. Could the virus have been introduced via contaminated food? There’s disagreement on this. Researchers in China have found that SARS-CoV-2 can persist in conditions found in frozen food and packaging and cold-chain products, which are kept refrigerated throughout the supply chain. They also have linked some infections in people to imported goods, although the degree of surface contact or amount of virus required is unknown. China’s government has embraced this theory and has been testing imported food for virus traces for months; some supermarkets even have separate coolers for imported goods. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said in February, however, that there is no credible evidence of food or food packaging associated with, or as a likely source, of SARS-CoV-2 transmission. Covid-19 outbreaks did occur in 2020 in meat-processing plants and some preparing ready-made meals, making it plausible that infected workers could contaminate items they’re in contact with. The WHO mission chief called the theory “worth exploring,” but pointed out that in 2019, “there were no widespread outbreaks of Covid-19 in food factories around the world.” 9. What about the lab theory? 10. What’s considered more likely then? Some vendors at the Huanan market were trading in farmed animals including ferret-badgers, bamboo rats and rabbits that are susceptible to coronaviruses, and some were supplied by traders and farms in areas where coronaviruses are carried by bats. Potentially, some were infected before being brought to market. The WHO mission said further research should involve tracing these products to their source and testing other animals there, as well as their surroundings and people living nearby. Wild animal markets were linked to the emergence of SARS in China’s Guangdong province in 2002. 11. What research has been undertaken? To identify the earliest human cases, the team reviewed health records, mortality data, trends in retail sales of cold and cough medications and reported patterns of influenza-like illnesses and severe respiratory infections in the two months preceding the outbreak in Wuhan. Included were 76,000 cases from more than 200 medical centers. Researchers in China also tested some 4,500 patient specimens stored at hospitals in Wuhan and others parts of China for SARS-CoV-2, and analyzed blood samples for antibodies against the virus. To identify potential animal sources, 11,000 blood samples taken from livestock and poultry in 31 provinces were tested along with 1,914 samples from 35 different species of wild animals. Researchers in China looked for SARS-CoV-2 in 12,000 animal swabs and 50,000 samples from 300 different species of wild animals. All were negative. 12. Did the WHO team get to see everything? The Australian Broadcasting Corp., citing one of the international experts, reported that dozens of people were hospitalized as early as October 2019 with symptoms such as fever and coughing, but Chinese authorities refused to make available raw data on the cases because of patient privacy concerns. Chinese experts said they had found no trace of Covid-19 among the cases, but the tests were incomplete and members of the WHO-led team said more research was needed, the New York Times reported. International experts are reported to have said that, while they had access to an unprecedented amount of data, it’s uncertain whether everything available was supplied. 13. Are the findings credible? It’s hard to say. Studies have been hampered by delays and geopolitics. China’s government has supported the hypothesis that SARS-CoV-2 may have entered the country in imported food, while the former Trump administration repeatedly blamed Shi’s Wuhan lab for the “China virus,” which she has denied. All that has heightened the sensitivity of the WHO-led mission. Team members described discussions in Wuhan as very tense on occasion, sometimes erupting into shouts on both sides. Meetings were also closely monitored by dozens of Chinese representatives, a large number of whom weren’t scientists or public health officials. The WHO team is still pressing Chinese officials to conduct exhaustive tests on stored blood-donation samples from Wuhan in 2019, which might indicate whether the virus was present there earlier. Under President Joe Biden, the U.S. State Department in early February said “the jury is still out” on the level of transparency and cooperation the WHO team received from China. 14. Where to next? In addition to further tracing of animals and products that might have been at the Huanan market, the WHO mission scientists propose: • collecting and analyzing epidemiological, clinical, molecular and environmental data from other countries to better understand the virus’s origins, since some reports have suggested SARS-CoV-2 may have been circulating outside China before December 2019; • additional sampling of animal species that may act as a reservoir for SARS-CoV-2, including bat populations in China and neighboring countries; • more research to understand if SARS-CoV-2 could be transmitted from contaminated products to humans, and under which conditions that might occur; • further analysis of cases of respiratory illness that occurred in Wuhan in October and November 2019. (Updates to add estimated timing of virus emergence in section 5; additional details about Huanan market, including live animals sold there in section 6.) ©2021 Bloomberg L.P. The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",2080,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886042429,2021-03-23 00:05:25,Report: California wildfire sparked when tree hit power line,https://news.yahoo.com/report-california-wildfire-sparked-tree-040525073.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"LOS ANGELES (AP) — A Northern California wildfire that killed four people and destroyed more than 200 buildings last year was sparked when tree branches came into contact with Pacific Gas & Electric power lines, officials said Monday. Investigators with the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection seized equipment belonging to PG&E in the weeks after the Zogg Fire tore through rural communities in Shasta and Tehama counties last September and October. “After a meticulous and thorough investigation, Cal Fire has determined that the Zogg Fire was caused by a pine tree contacting electrical distribution lines owned and operated by Pacific Gas and Electric located north of the community of Igo,"" the agency said in a short news release. PG&E officials didn't immediately respond to a request for comment late Monday. The Zogg Fire investigative report has been forwarded to the Shasta County District Attorney’s Office, Cal Fire said. The blaze erupted Sept. 27, 2020, in Shasta County during high winds and quickly grew, killing four people in Igo, population 600. It later spread to neighboring Tehama County. The fire scorched more than 88 square miles (228 square kilometers) and destroyed 204 buildings, about half of them homes, over two weeks. PG&E, the nation’s largest utility, emerged from bankruptcy stemming from financial fallout from several devastating wildfires caused by its utility equipment that killed more than 100 people and destroyed more than 27,000 homes and other buildings in 2017 and 2018. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family Markieff Morris: I love to see the hate! No doubt I took a hard foul which I always do but I've never hit a man with his back turned! Luckily we built different over here. I can take my licks and keep pushing. Joker 1 smooth 0 lol. Source: Twitter ... Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? The Patriots made three roster moves Monday that suggest more transactions could be coming ahead of Sunday's game against the Browns. Mayfield wished OBJ well personally but also made it clear he was happy with the Browns team now sans Beckham ",713,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886047837,2021-03-23 02:29:18,Arizona man arrested after holding National Guardsmen transporting COVID-19 vaccines at gunpoint: cops,https://www.foxnews.com/us/arizona-man-allegedly-holds-11-national-guardsmen-transporting-covid-19-vaccines-at-gunpoint,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. Larry Harris, 66, of Willcox, is accused of following and making several attempts to run the vans off a roadway earlier on Monday, authorities said. He allegedly claimed to be a detective and ordered the unarmed Guardsmen out of their vehicles at gunpoint, according to reports.  ""They’re unarmed, they comply. They get out of the van. This guy is holding them at gunpoint and starts searching their van,"" said Idalou Police Chief Eric Williams, according to Lubbock's KCBD. ""You know the question was asked whether or not he was after the COVID-19 vaccine. As far as we know, he was thinking that someone had been kidnapped."" DHS REQUESTS THOUSANDS OF NATIONAL GUARD TROOPS STAY ON SOUTHERN BORDER PAST SEPTEMBER: US GENERAL Police said officers arrived to find Harris in possession of a loaded Colt 1911. All 11 of the Guardsmen were in uniform and none were injured, police said.  ""I am amazed that this did not turn into a very bad situation because he was standing in the midst of these guardsmen, with a loaded handgun,"" Williams said. ""Plenty of ammunition to cause a lot of havoc, and for whatever reason, he put the gun in the front of his pants when he saw officers arriving."" NATIONAL GUARD, GUAM DELEGATE MARCH TO GREENE'S CAPITOL HILL OFFICE FOLLOWING CPAC COMMENT Williams said he believed Harris was acting erratically. He was taken into custody ""without incident."" Harris is facing charges that include aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, and interference with Texas Military Forces, reports said.  CLICK HERE FOR THE FOX NEWS APP The Idalou Police Department is currently investigating this incident. Harris could face up to 20 years in prison if convicted, KCBD reported.  Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inbox Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! ",315,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886047996,2021-03-23 01:00:00,What to watch on Tuesday: ‘Demi Lovato: Dancing With the Devil’ on YouTube,https://www.washingtonpost.com/entertainment/tv/what-to-watch-on-tuesday-demi-lovato-dancing-with-the-devil-on-youtube/2021/03/22/61bf7180-8b0b-11eb-9423-04079921c915_story.html,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"(All times Eastern.) — Anying Guo The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",23,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886048873,2021-03-23 02:27:11,FTN Page 2: July 20,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/ftn-page-2-july-20/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886048872,2021-03-23 02:29:11,"July 20: Kerry, King, Indyk",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/july-20-kerry-king-indyk/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886034866,2021-03-23 00:38:10,Six other mass shootings have happened within 40 miles of the Colorado King Soopers,https://news.yahoo.com/six-other-mass-shootings-happened-043810138.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"Six shootings in Colorado history have occurred within 40 miles of the Boulder King Soopers. These include the Columbine High School massacre and the Aurora theater shooting. 10 people, including a police officer, died after a shooter went on a rampage at the supermarket. Six shootings in Colorado that occurred in recent memory happened within 40 miles of the Boulder King Soopers, where 10 people died after a gunman opened fire on Monday. Police swarmed the scene and later arrested the suspect. However, this is not the area's first brush with gun violence. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family Markieff Morris: I love to see the hate! No doubt I took a hard foul which I always do but I've never hit a man with his back turned! Luckily we built different over here. I can take my licks and keep pushing. Joker 1 smooth 0 lol. Source: Twitter ... Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? The Patriots made three roster moves Monday that suggest more transactions could be coming ahead of Sunday's game against the Browns. Mayfield wished OBJ well personally but also made it clear he was happy with the Browns team now sans Beckham ",564,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886052474,2021-03-23 02:24:57,Lauren Boebert’s Campaign Email Calls On Supporters To Say ‘Hell No’ To Gun Control Laws Hours After Colorado Shooting,https://www.forbes.com/sites/siladityaray/2021/03/23/lauren-boeberts-campaign-email-calls-on-supporters-to-say-hell-no-to-gun-control-laws-hours-after-colorado-shooting/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Rep. Lauren Boebert’s (R-Colo.) campaign sent out a fundraising email to her supporters encouraging them to say “Hell No” to any gun control measures in Washington on Monday night just hours after a mass shooting in her state left ten people including a police officer dead. The email name drops President Joe Biden, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, Senate Majority Chuck Schumer and Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-N.Y.) and claims they are trying to “criminalize the private transfer of firearms.” ",79,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886056514,2021-03-23 02:18:10,"John Kerry: Israel ""is responding to an intransigent Hamas""",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/john-kerry-israel-is-responding-to-an-intransigent-hamas/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886056509,2021-03-23 02:19:10,Peter King: Blame Russia for Malaysia Airlines Flight 17,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/peter-king-blame-russia-for-malaysia-airlines-flight-17/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886056502,2021-03-23 02:20:11,Russia mostly silent on Malaysia Airlines Flight 17,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/russia-mostly-silent-on-malaysia-airlines-flight-17/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886052456,2021-03-23 02:40:02,Why iPhone Maker Foxconn And Vietnam’s Vingroup Could Team Up On Electric Vehicles,https://www.forbes.com/sites/ralphjennings/2021/03/23/why-iphone-maker-foxconn-and-vietnams-vingroup-could-team-up-on-electric-vehicles/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Terry Gou, Chairman of Foxconn Technology Group. Foxconn, the world’s largest contract assembler of consumer electronics, has begun discussions with Vingroup, the largest conglomerate in Vietnam, about working together in the fast-growing field of electric vehicles. “Foxconn views electric vehicles as a promising new growth driver for the company,” says Chris Robinson, a senior analyst with Lux Research. “It has developed a platform of technologies upon which other companies can build cars around. Use of an existing platform would allow VinFast to reach the market faster and spend less time and money on designing a powertrain,” he says. ",99,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886052427,2021-03-23 02:46:41,Strengthening Ties With The U.S. Is A Key Issue In Cricket West Indies’ Presidential Race,https://www.forbes.com/sites/tristanlavalette/2021/03/23/strengthening-ties-with-the-us-is-a-key-issue-in-cricket-west-indies-presidential-race/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"The West Indies occasionally host matches in Florida. (Photo by JEWEL SAMAD/AFP/GettyImages) Cricket West Indies (CWI) president Ricky Skerritt is in a fight as he battles Anand Sanasie in the governing body’s election later this month, with predictable issues of accountability and governance core of the campaign’s heated politicking, but strengthening ties with a potentially lucrative American cricket scene has surprisingly emerged as a hot button issue.   With Caribbean cricket prone to bitter in-fighting between the rival countries, leading to accusations of petty boardroom shenanigans, the battle grounds between the candidates has predictably centered around transparency. The West Indies dominated the 1980s. (Photo by Getty Images) Skerritt, whose two-year term is about to end, told me “no one person” could galvanize West Indies cricket.  “It truly takes a village,” he said in a recent interview over email. “We all need to work closely together in the empowerment of our cricketers in order to produce successful cricket teams. “We have calmed the heavy waves that were crashing into our ship, so to speak, but we still have to power the vessel forwards while keeping it on course.” Perhaps a surprising focus of the campaigning has been CWI’s future plans with American cricket, which has long allured cricket administrators tantalized by the world’s biggest sports market.  Still, the power brokers in the Caribbean understand the importance of their well-heeled neighbors, which could help provide a streamline and much-needed financial stability in continually cash-stricken CWI. The West Indies have helped spread cricket fandom in the U.S. (Photo by JEWEL SAMAD/AFP/GettyImages Central to this, the governing bodies are hoping to co-host a T20 World Cup in 2026 or 2030 – an event that is hoped to ignite mainstream fandom in the U.S. something akin to soccer’s explosion after the 1994 FIFA World Cup.  “We have begun discussions with USA Cricket about co-hosting ICC events in the future,” Skerritt told me. “Hosting ICC events is important for us but is not critical to our strategic plan.” Forging closer ties with USA Cricket, with relations powered in recent times with the U.S. joining the CWI’s Super50 tournament in 2019, is of importance to Skerritt who believed the partnership could expand.  “USA Cricket is still a relatively new construct that needs some more time to settle. But we already have good friendships and inter-organizational communications brewing,” he said.  “The next big step might be to implement some mutually beneficial girls cricket development projects together.  “Hosting some of our international cricket in the Florida is likely to continue from time to time. I expect that any growth of professional cricket in the USA should benefit all of the Americas.” Sanasie said pursuing expansion into the lucrative North American market was a “critical plank” for CWI.  “The U.S. market is poised for transformative and explosive take-off and, as the leading cricket governing body in this hemisphere, CWI can both partner with and offer support and guidance to USA Cricket for our mutual benefit,” he said in a press release.  The 64-year-old, according to sources, was backed by the mighty ‘big three’ of cricket India, England and Australia who had been so influential in getting Barclay over the line. But Singaporean Khwaja prevailed to underline a clear split in the board, which could resemble a “hung parliament” according to one insider.  “The ICC Board is divided, but I wouldn’t describe it as being broken,” Skerritt said. “ICC technicians should work more closely and strategically with its board members to ensure that there is a healthy and sustainable balance between hosting ICC events, operating future-tours cricket, and meeting the needs of cricket development.”  Skerritt denied he was the preferred candidate of the ‘big three’. “I didn’t set out to ‘run’ and never seriously campaigned for the position of deputy chair,” he said.  “I am independent in my outlook, and in cricket matters I have never been controlled by anyone. I am for what is best for world cricket. In the interest of competition, I allowed my name to be put forward as a candidate at the request of two fellow ICC directors.” Even though much cynicism in the Caribbean exists, with many believing the instability and toxicity will not abate, Skerritt preferred to picture a rosy future for West Indies cricket.  “I expect that CWI would have long achieved financial sustainability long before (2030), and harmony and strategic alignment will be prevailing among all stakeholders,” he said. ",750,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886056404,2021-03-23 02:40:40,"AstraZeneca may have provided outdated data from COVID-19 trial, NIAID says",https://www.foxnews.com/health/astrazeneca-may-have-included-outdated-information-from-covid-19-trial-niaid-says,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"AZ US President Ruud Dobber tells 'Your World' studies showed no significant clotting side effects The British pharmaceutical company first published a statement early Monday, saying the Phase III trial of its COVID-19 vaccine — which was conducted in the U.S. — showed a 79% effectiveness in preventing symptomatic infections and a 100% efficacy ""at preventing severe disease and hospitalization."" SURGEON TELLS TUCKER COVID VACCINE IS 'POWERFUL AND EFFECTIVE,' BUT 'NOT A ONE-SIZE-FITS-ALL' ""The DSMB expressed concern that AstraZeneca may have included outdated information from that trial, which may have provided an incomplete view of the efficacy data,"" according to the statement. ""We urge the company to work with the DSMB to review the efficacy data and ensure the most accurate, up-to-date efficacy data be made public as quickly as possible."" ""We have reviewed the preliminary assessment of the primary analysis and the results were consistent with the interim analysis,"" AstraZeneca said in an updated statement. ""We are now completing the validation of the statistical analysis. We will immediately engage with the independent data safety monitoring board (DSMB) to share our primary analysis with the most up to date efficacy data.""  'NO EVIDENCE YET' NYC CORONAVIRUS VARIANT CAUSES REINFECTION, IMPACTS VACCINES: HEALTH OFFICIALS The company said it expects to ""issue results of the primary analysis within 48 hours.""  The request to review efficacy data comes as the company plans to seek U.S. Emergency Use Authorization for the vaccine in the coming weeks.  Authorization and guidelines for use of the vaccine in the U.S. will be determined by the Food and Drug Administration [FDA] and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention [CDC] after a ""thorough review of the data by independent advisory committees,"" according to the statement.  This week, AstraZeneca U.S. President Ruud Dobber said the company will be able to provide 30 million doses for Americans once the vaccine receives EUA.  CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Dobber recently sought to assure the American public that the company’s COVID-19 vaccine was safe after several European countries temporarily stopped using it due to instances of blood clots in jab recipients. A safety committee with Europe's regulatory agency later concluded that the vaccine is safe and effective, with no ties to an overall increased risk of blood clots in vaccinated individuals.  The U.S.-based trial also found ""no increased risk"" of blood clots.  Fox News' Edmund DeMarche and Fox Business' Brittany De Lea contributed to this report Stay up-to-date on the biggest health and wellness news with our weekly recap. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! ",419,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886056496,2021-03-23 02:21:11,John Kerry: Evidence links Russia to rebels who shot down plane,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/john-kerry-evidence-links-russia-to-rebels-who-shot-down-malaysia-airlines-flight-17/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886056490,2021-03-23 02:22:14,"Conflict escalates between Israelis, Palestinians in Gaza Strip",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/conflict-escalates-between-israelis-palestinians-in-gaza-strip/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886056486,2021-03-23 02:23:11,Chaos at site of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 wreck in Ukraine,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/chaos-at-site-of-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-wreck-in-ukraine/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886064115,2021-03-23 00:33:17,"2 spring breakers drugged and raped woman, then partied with dead woman’s credit cards: cops",http://feeds.nydailynews.com/~r/NydnRss/~3/IQFnDfgrPPA/ny-spring-break-woman-rape-drugs-dead-20210323-qljdbntr3vd43bbvfaxj5aclaa-story.html,en,False,,8,Daily News,http://www.nydailynews.com/," An unidentified 24-year-old woman died in South Beach after a pair of spring breakers raped her drugged body, left her for dead, then partied on with her credit cards, cops believe.  Collier reportedly said Taylor had given the woman a pill that he believed was the pain killer Percocet as the three of them wandered through town. The suspects met the woman at a restaurant and both men planned to “have sex with the victim,” cops said.  Police said Taylor was in possession of “green pills” and the victim’s phone when he was arrested. He was reportedly spotted on security video using her credit cards at a liquor store. Surveillance footage also shows the Greensboro, N.C., men accompanying the disoriented woman to her room at the Albion Hotel, then leaving without her less than an hour later.  Officers reported the victim was in such a state that she “could not have consented to sex with the defendants,” who left her unconscious in her hotel with no “concern for her welfare or safety.”  The suspects reportedly face charges including burglary, sexual battery and the fraudulent use of a credit card. Manslaughter or murder counts could be added if Collier or Taylor provided the drug believed to have contributed to the victim’s death. Investigators have not said whether or not the victim willingly ingested the pill that may have killed her. Medical examiners have not confirmed a cause of death.  Spring break 2021 has been rife with chaos, the Herald reports. More than 1,000 arrests have been made since February and an 8 p.m. curfew has been put in place. ",275,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886064112,2021-03-23 00:41:16,Tennessee man loses - then finds - winning $1 million lottery ticket,http://feeds.nydailynews.com/~r/NydnRss/~3/AXDtQQiZvK8/ny-tennessee-man-loses-lottery-ticket-1-million-finds-parking-lot-20210323-mlu2h36jivebthm53o5otvqhw4-story.html,en,False,,8,Daily News,http://www.nydailynews.com/," If there were ever a time for a “find my…” app, this was it. Only the missing item was an unchipped, old-school, shard of paper.  A lottery ticket, to be exact.  The holder of the winning Tennessee Cash ticket dropped it, unsigned, in a parking lot.  Nick Slatten, of Sparta, Tenn., had bought the ticket on a Wednesday evening after a long day’s work laying tile, the state’s lottery commission said in a statement. On Thursday he checked the ticket and realized he’d matched all the numbers.  “I was stunned. I couldn’t believe it,” Slatten said upon learning of the win. “I can’t express it. It was something else.”  He rushed to his fiancee’s office to crow, then ran a bunch of errands, one of which was taking his brother to buy a car part before grabbing some lunch. An hour later, he couldn’t find the ticket.  A frantic search combined with retracing his steps brought him back to the auto parts store parking lot – where he found it, lying on the asphalt.  His ticket was one of five worth $1 million or more sold in Tennessee this month and the 310th ticket sold worth $1 million or more since the lottery began on Jan. 20, 2004.  The lucky winner said he and his fiancée are going to keep working and plan to buy a house of their own, amp up their wheels, and invest. Mainly, their plan is to live life with “not a whole lot of worries,” he told the commission. ",264,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886064107,2021-03-23 02:14:26,"Father remembers hero son and father of seven Eric Talley, who died responding to gunman in Colorado supermarket",http://feeds.nydailynews.com/~r/NydnRss/~3/BL9pK-GkgWk/ny-boulder-king-soopers-father-remembers-officer-eric-talley-killed-gunman-20210323-afvncqoutvamznend5wlbwxlju-story.html,en,False,,8,Daily News,http://www.nydailynews.com/," Boulder police mourned and paid tribute to one of their own on Monday after an as-yet-unidentified gunman walked into a King Soopers supermarket armed with a rifle and started shooting, killing 10.  The dead included Officer Eric Talley, 51, who “responded to the scene, was first on the scene, and he was fatally shot,” Boulder Police Chief Maris Herold said at a Monday night news conference, as the city and the nation grappled with the second mass shooting in a week.  Six days ago, another gunman shot up three Atlanta-area spas, killing eight people and wounding one. Six of those victims were women of Asian descent.  Herold commended “the heroic actions of this officer when he responded to the scene.”  The identities of the other nine King Soopers victims were not released on Monday, pending notification of next-of-kin.  Talley, a father of seven, had been on the force since 2010, Herold said.  Talley had “served in numerous roles supporting the Boulder Police Department,” Herold said, holding back tears.  Talley’s colleague, Officer Mark Bliley, heads the police union and recalled his close friend’s passion about policing, and his particular gift for connecting with people.  Homer Talley told ABC News that his son joined the police force at age 40 and recently had been training as a drone operator so he could work away from the front lines.  “He didn’t want to put his family through something like this, and he believed in Jesus Christ,” the bereaved father said. ",258,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886056473,2021-03-23 02:26:11,Where will the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 investigation lead?,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/where-will-the-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-investigation-lead/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886056469,2021-03-23 02:30:11,From the archives of 60 Minutes: The Paris Ritz,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/from-the-archives-of-60-minutes-the-paris-ritz/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886056477,2021-03-23 02:25:11,Bob Schieffer remembers Bob Pierpoint,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/bob-schieffer-remembers-bob-pierpoint/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886056479,2021-03-23 02:24:13,What's next for Israeli-Palestinian peace talks?,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/whats-next-for-israeli-palestinian-peace-talks/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886064102,2021-03-23 02:15:26,"‘I could smell the gunpowder’: Witnesses describe terrifying ordeal as gunman shot up Colorado grocery store, killing 10",http://feeds.nydailynews.com/~r/NydnRss/~3/UMNRdU6jV3g/ny-king-soopers-shooting-witnesses-chaos-terror-stampede-boulder-20210323-7jtklfewszdgple4louskj5w7u-story.html,en,False,,8,Daily News,http://www.nydailynews.com/," One minute they were picking up chips and soda, or grabbing a slice of pizza. An instant later, they were running for their lives.  Shoppers and employees of King Soopers supermarket in Boulder, Colo., described a horrific, terrifying scene made more macabre by the fact that it started amid something as innocuous as a grocery run.  It was between 2 and 3 p.m. Monday when an as-yet-unidentified man walked in through the front doors holding what Boulder Police Chief Maris Herold later described as a “patrol rifle” and started shooting. People fell to the ground, and the smell of gunpowder hung on the air.  Suddenly shoppers found themselves rushing out the back of the store, shepherded by heroic employees, the younger people helping older ones leap off a loading dock to the rear. Others hid in closets and storerooms.  “These were people going about their day, doing their shopping,” Boulder District Attorney Michael Dougherty said at a late-night press briefing, calling the day’s events “a tragedy and a nightmare.”  Another unidentified man told ABC affiliate KMGH-TV that he had just entered the store when he heard glass break above his head. He dove into the produce section, trying to hide “behind any stand,” he said.  “I probably heard 30 shots,” he said, clearly shaken. “It was just pop pop pop pop pop.”  He heard rapid fire and felt “panic. I was scared,” the man said. “It was the most terrifying event I’ve ever been in. It was just too real, and too scary.”  The customer had even undergone active-shooter training, he said, but it did not prepare him for the real thing.  “I’m still in shock over it. It’s just so surreal,” he said. “It felt like I was being shot at. I could smell the gunpowder. So it was pretty close.”  He teared up with a haunting memory. “I saw a lady laying there when I was running,” he said. “I thought maybe I should have grabbed her. I don’t know what happened [to her].”  One woman almost went inside, then decided her ice cream craving was too great to ignore, and opted to grab a cone first. It may have saved her life, she told KMGH.  Another shopper made his way out the back, eventually.  People lined up single file, “saying, ‘Go, go, go, run!’ "" he added. “When we got to the back of the store there were employees who didn’t know what was going on, and we just told them to run.”  Teens were also inside the store. Steven McHugh told the Denver Post that his 13- and 14-year-old granddaughters were there while their father, McHugh’s son-in-law, got vaccinated against COVID-19. The family witnessed some of the shooting before escaping to a staff area, where they hid in a coat closet until police came to rescue them.  “They’re in seventh and eighth grade,” McHugh told The Denver Post. “This is completely fricking terrifying. This is unacceptable.” ",507,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886056466,2021-03-23 02:31:11,How long does he hold that note?,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/how-long-does-he-hold-that-note/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886050299,2021-03-23 02:52:09,"Germany introduces a strict, five-day lockdown over Easter, and asks citizens to stay home.",https://www.nytimes.com/live/2021/03/22/world/covid-vaccine-coronavirus-cases/germany-easter-lockdown,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, warning that her country is facing a significantly more deadly wave of the coronavirus, announced a five-day lockdown over Easter and the extension of existing restrictions until mid-April in an effort to break a spike in coronavirus cases.  Starting April 1, until the following Monday, Germany will effectively shut down for an extended Easter break, with private meetings limited to only two groups of up to five adults and all stores ordered shuttered, with only supermarkets allowed to open on the Saturday. Churches are asked to hold services online, and people are being asked to stay home and not travel.  “After we were able to sharply bring down the number of new infections in January, we are now experiencing, through the spread of the more contagious British variant, a more dangerous variation, the numbers are going up and the intensive care beds are filling up,” she said. Emily Schmall, Hisako Ueno, Mark Landler, Stephen Castle and Isabella Kwai contributed. Advertisement ",169,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886065881,2021-03-23 02:20:03,GOP Senator’s Attack On Washington D.C. Statehood Spectacularly Backfires,https://www.huffpost.com/entry/mike-rounds-dc-statehood-founding-fathers_n_605960d0c5b6cebf58d10bf1,en,False,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"Overnight Editor, HuffPost Rounds tweeted:  Rounds’ critics on Twitter also shared a few other facts about what the Founding Fathers intended: Says the guy from Dakota Territory; oops, territory divided into two only to get around the Constitution for 2 more senators. Tell you what, merge North and South Dakota and we will continue to disenfranchise over 700,000 Americans in the part of DC that is not federal bldgs. They also never expected more people would be living in D.C. than some states. If they did, they would have wanted them to have representation since we fought the Revolutionary war due to lack of representation! What did the Founding Fathers think about Hawaii, Alaska, or any of the other 37 states that have been added since their time? Do you need a little history lesson as to why South Dakota became a state Mike? They pay taxes.  They have a larger population than 2 rural states.  Why should they not have equal representation? If DC voted Republican, you'd sing a different tune. Overnight Editor, HuffPost ",179,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886056463,2021-03-23 02:36:10,Deadly day in Gaza as Israel steps up ground offensive,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/deadly-day-in-gaza-as-israel-steps-up-ground-offensive/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886050295,2021-03-23 02:21:24,U.S. health officials question results from AstraZeneca’s vaccine trial hours after they’re released.,https://www.nytimes.com/live/2021/03/22/world/covid-vaccine-coronavirus-cases/us-health-officials-question-results-from-astrazenecas-vaccine-trial-hours-after-theyre-released,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement The accusation, in a two-page letter sent Monday to the company and federal officials, was a fresh blow to the credibility of a vaccine whose low price and relatively easy storage have made it critical to the global fight against the pandemic. The private letter, which was described by people who have read it, castigated AstraZeneca for jeopardizing the integrity of a closely watched clinical trial. “Decisions like this are what erode public trust in the scientific process,” the board wrote. The fight is about the degree of effectiveness of a vaccine that is undisputably effective. While AstraZeneca said on Monday that its vaccine appeared to be 79 percent effective at preventing Covid-19, the panel of independent experts said the actual number may have been between 69 percent and 74 percent. The mass availability of a vaccine with even a 69 percent efficacy rate could help the world conquer the coronavirus. But the public airing of a conflict between a pharmaceutical company and a board overseeing a clinical trial is almost unheard-of. It is certain to trigger extra scrutiny of the vaccine by the Food and Drug Administration and other regulators if, as expected, AstraZeneca seeks their authorization to use it on an emergency basis in the United States. Repeated problems with the data presented by AstraZeneca have shattered the confidence of American regulators and threaten to cast a worldwide cloud over the company’s vaccine. “Any type of thing like this could unfortunately contribute to a lack of confidence in the process,” said Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, the nation’s leading infectious disease expert. But the overnight announcement from the institute immediately raised a new set of questions about it and AstraZeneca. At issue is whether to count, in the public release of data, more recently confirmed cases of Covid-19 among participants. The oversight board pushed AstraZeneca representatives last week to go through a backlog of potential cases and classify whether they were or were not Covid-19. That had the potential to affect the vaccine’s effectiveness rate, for better or worse. The requested analysis showed that the vaccine was between 69 percent and 74 percent effective, according to the oversight board’s letter. But when AstraZeneca unveiled its interim results on Monday, the company did not count those newly classified Covid-19 cases. As a result, it reported that the vaccine appeared to be 79 percent effective at preventing the disease. Until they received the monitoring board’s letter, AstraZeneca executives weren’t aware that the panel expected them to include the updated figures in their news release, according to a person familiar with the executives’ thinking. Federal officials, however, were stunned to discover on Monday that AstraZeneca had released those results even though the monitoring board had spent days pushing for — and eventually received — updated data. By then, Dr. Fauci had publicly hailed the results at a White House briefing, and the company had been showered with positive media coverage. AstraZeneca’s shares rose about 4 percent on Monday. AstraZeneca on Tuesday defended its actions, saying the interim results appeared to be “consistent” with more recent data collected during the trial. The company said it would immediately share its latest data with the monitoring board and reissue fuller results within 48 hours. The company’s shares fell 3.5 percent on Tuesday. Last week, an apparent delay in the release of the vaccine’s interim trial results raised fresh suspicions among federal officials. In response to questions from The New York Times, an AstraZeneca spokeswoman, whom the company refused to name, said on Friday that any back and forth between the company and the monitoring board was simply run-of-the-mill dialogue. “As is often the case,” the spokeswoman said, monitoring boards “can request new or clarifying analyses of data from the trial. This would enable them to ensure the robustness of their determinations.” The U.S. trial, which involved more than 32,000 participants, was the largest test of its kind for the shot. The results AstraZeneca released on Monday were from an interim look at the data after 141 Covid-19 cases had turned up among volunteers. Advertisement ",681,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886065747,2021-03-23 02:29:28,Indonesia to deport Russian drug convict who fled on 1st try,https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/indonesia-to-deport-russian-drug-convict-who-fled-on-1st-try/2021/03/23/1df71d4a-8ba1-11eb-a33e-da28941cb9ac_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_world,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886065762,2021-03-23 02:26:33,"Uncontrolled Covid-19 spread increases chances of a more dangerous variant emerging, ex-CDC chief says",http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/GjhJBfi-Zg4/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,"By Christina Maxouris, CNN CNN's Pete Muntean, Michael Nedelman, Ryan Prior, Christopher Rios, Ben Tinker and Maggie Fox contributed to this report.  ",24,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886056461,2021-03-23 02:37:11,California couple threatened with fine for under-watering lawn,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/california-couple-threatened-with-fine-for-under-watering-lawn/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886056459,2021-03-23 02:38:10,"Ukraine rebels move bodies to trains, take control of black boxes",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-ukraine-rebels-move-bodies-to-trains-take-control-of-black-boxes/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886057271,2021-03-23 01:01:13,"Colombian town uses discipline, speakers to stay virus-free",https://news.yahoo.com/colombian-town-uses-discipline-speakers-050113867.html,en,True,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"CAMPOHERMOSO, Colombia (AP) — When customers enter his hardware store Nelson Avila asks them to wear a mask and wash their hands. He sprays alcohol over the bills and coins they give him before putting them in the till. Avila's shop is in Campohermoso, a town of 3,000 people in Boyaca state in the mountains of central Colombia that has no reported cases of the coronavirus. According to the Health Ministry, Campohermoso county - which consists of the town and surrounding farms and villages - is one of just two counties in the country that are COVID-19-free. Colombia has more than 1,100 counties. “Those bills can carry the virus” said Avila, 49, as he disinfects a wad of wrinkled Colombian pesos. “They go from hand to hand, so we have to be careful.” Officials and locals say the town has been able to keep the virus away thanks to the disciplined behavior of its residents and constant campaigns urging people to social distance and wear masks. The town’s remote location ringed by mountains, far from major roads, has also helped it to stay coronavirus-free. It has just seven streets and six avenues laid out in a neat grid. It is nestled at the bottom of a green valley, 3300 feet (about 1,000 meters) above sea level. “Campohermosos has a low population density and little contact with big cities,” said Jairo Mauricio Santoyo, the health secretary for Boyaca state. Given that Colombia, with a population of about 50 million people, has reported more than 2.3 million confirmed cases of the coronavirus, many consider the lack of infections here a small miracle. During the first decade of this century, Campohermoso was affected by fighting between paramilitary groups and leftist rebels, says the town’s mayor, Jaime Rodríguez. The coffee-growing area has been peaceful for more than a decade but it is seldom visited by outsiders. Rodríguez says communication has been crucial in keeping the pandemic away from Campohermoso. Messages about the virus and how to prevent it are broadcast three times a day on speakers perched on the town’s lampposts. The local radio station also broadcasts daily shows that talk about prevention. To ensure everyone gets the message, the mayor’s office distributed 1,000 radios to farmers who live in Campohermoso's rural areas. “The whole town has come together” Rodríguez said. “The police, the health center, church personnel and the mayor’s office all go on the radio station to talk about the virus.” Rodríguez said his message to townsfolk has been simple: “Its’ up to every family to stop it.” He has also tried to lead by example. The mayor says he decided to take a test during a recent visit to Bogota, and despite he was negative, he decided to isolate himself. “We’ve put 60 families in town in quarantine because they showed some symptoms,” Rodríguez said. “But all of them have tested negative.” Businesses are now open in Campohermoso and only allow customers wearing masks. The town has not banned visitors from other parts of the country but those who arrive and wish to stay have been asked to quarantine in a relative’s home, and receive a daily call from the local nurse. Campohermoso’s only school is running at half of its usual capacity. Students have been divided by shifts and attend school every other day. And in the largely Roman Catholic town, the local priest has also gotten involved in prevention efforts. “We pray to Saint Roch, who is our patron saint and the protector of the sick,” says Father Camilo Monroy, who has also gone on radio to talk about ways to prevent the spread of the virus. The only other town in Colombia that is reportedly coronavirus-free is San Juanito, which is also located in a remote valley in the Andes mountains. Officials consider the two cases striking because the virus has even appeared in Amazon jungle villages that can only be reached by boat or small plane. Campohermoso has vaccinated 80 people so far, most of them senior citizens over the age of 80. Now the coronavirus-free county is waiting for more shots from Colombia’s central government. ___ Astrid Suarez reported from Bucaramanga, Colombia. ___ This story was first published on March 22, 2021. It was updated on March 24, 2021 to correct that the mayor of Campohermoso, Jaime Rodríguez Romero, did not test positive for the coronavirus. The mayor was tested during a trip, but he was negative, although he decided to isolate himself. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family Markieff Morris: I love to see the hate! No doubt I took a hard foul which I always do but I've never hit a man with his back turned! Luckily we built different over here. I can take my licks and keep pushing. Joker 1 smooth 0 lol. Source: Twitter ... Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? The Patriots made three roster moves Monday that suggest more transactions could be coming ahead of Sunday's game against the Browns. Mayfield wished OBJ well personally but also made it clear he was happy with the Browns team now sans Beckham ",1218,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886050290,2021-03-23 02:30:08,How to Virtually Become a Doctor,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/health/coronavirus-medical-school-remote-learning.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by Medical schools and students alike have had to adapt to remote cadaver dissections and bedside-manner training via video. Send any friend a story Jerrel Catlett’s eyes narrowed on the large intestine, a gloppy, glow stick-like object whose color matched the stool stored inside of it. He chose to isolate the organ, and it expanded on his screen as the body parts surrounding it receded — the gall bladder bright green with bile, the ribs white and curved like half moons. “My old boss used to tell me that when I did this, I’d be so wowed by how complex the human body is,” said Mr. Catlett, 25, a first-year student at Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, gesturing to the image of a body on his laptop screen. “But it feels like there’s something missing from the experience right now.” For generations, medical students were initiated to their training by a ritual as gory as it was awe-inducing: the cadaver dissection. Since at least the 14th century, physicians have honed their understanding of human anatomy by examining dead bodies. But amid the coronavirus pandemic, the cadaver dissection — like many hands-on aspects of the medical curriculum — turned virtual, using a three-dimensional simulation software. Of the country’s 155 medical schools, a majority transitioned at least part of their first and second-year curriculums to remote learning during the pandemic. Nearly three-quarters offered lectures virtually, according to a survey by the Association of American Medical Colleges, and 40 percent used virtual platforms to teach students how to interview patients about their symptoms and take their medical histories. Though the cadaver dissection posed a trickier challenge, nearly 30 percent of medical schools, including Mount Sinai, used online platforms to teach anatomy. Though medical students in many states have been eligible for and able to receive the vaccines, some have not yet fully shifted back to in-person learning, with school administrators saying they preferred to wait until Covid case rates decline further. Some in-person training, like practicing clinical skills, has largely resumed. Medical schools adapted in the past year with inventive approaches to clinical training. Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine and Stanford used virtual reality technology to teach anatomy. The Vagelos College of Physicians and Surgeons at Columbia University offered students the opportunity to shadow doctors virtually, sitting in on tele-medicine appointments. And at Baylor College of Medicine last fall, students were assessed via video on giving physical exams by describing what actions they would be taking in person, according to Dr. Nadia Ismail, Baylor’s associate dean of curriculum: “Now I would hit you at this part of the knee and this is the reflex I would see.” The Keck School of Medicine, at the University of Southern California, opted to have faculty members dissect cadavers while wearing body cameras so students could watch remotely. The cadavers were also imaged using three-dimensional scanners, so students could practice manipulating the sorts of images produced by magnetic resonance imaging and CT scans. “When the faculty came up with this, I was like, ‘Oh my goodness, this is amazing,’” said Dr. Donna Elliott, vice dean for medical education at Keck. “These scanned, three-dimensional images approximate the type of imaging you’ll use as a clinician.” Educators are aware that for all the promise of new technologies, there’s a sense of loss for students who aren’t able to be in hospitals, classrooms and dissection laboratories in person. “The classroom of the medical school is the clinical environment, and it’s so stretched right now,” said Lisa Howley, senior director for strategic initiatives and partnerships at the A.A.M.C. “That worries me.” Students said they felt some frustration as they watched the pressures mount on frontline providers without any capacity to help. “We know more than the average person, but we feel generally powerless,” said Saundra Albers, 28, a second-year student at Columbia. Both faculty members and students realize that watching organs move on a laptop screen is not the same as removing them, one by one, from a human body. “A cadaver’s body parts wouldn’t look as smooth and perfect as they do on a screen,” Mr. Catlett said. “Let’s say the cadaver was an alcoholic, you might see liver cirrhosis with bumps and ridges covering the liver.” He and his classmates know that they missed a medical rite of passage: “We don’t get to feel what the tissues are like, or how hard the bones are.” Mr. Catlett and his classmates have now been offered vaccines, and they are beginning to resume some in-person activities, including meeting with patients for the first time this month. Their lectures are still online. Sarah Serrano Calove, 26, is a second-year student at the University of Massachusetts Medical School, which offered a blend of in-person and virtual learning last semester. Since the start of medical school, Ms. Calove had been eager to practice interacting with patients — taking their medical histories and delivering news of diagnoses — so the transition to learning clinical skills on Zoom was a letdown. She was assigned to interview a medical actor, referred to as a standardized patient, about his financial troubles, an emotional conversation that she found awkward to conduct virtually. “When you’re on Zoom, you can’t tell if the person is clenching their hands or shaking their legs,” she said. “For some of my classmates, the feedback was we had to show more empathy. But how am I supposed to make my empathy known through a computer screen?” Medical schools were often unable to arrange for students to practice their skills on medical actors last semester, because these actors tend to come from older, retired populations that are at heightened risk for Covid-19. Some schools, including the University of Massachusetts, had students conduct practice physical exams on their classmates, forgoing the parts of the exam that involve opening the mouth and looking into the nose. For Ms. Calove, being assessed on her physical exam skills was challenging because she could prepare only by watching videos, whereas any other year she would have had weeks of in-person practice. “Normally, you’d listen to lungs wheezing, feel an enlarged liver, find the edges of the abdominal aorta,” she said. “Listening to a heart murmur recording online is different than hearing it in person.” Still, she appreciated the school’s efforts to check in with her and her classmates about how they were faring as they adapted to partially remote learning. “Other doctors got thrown into the deep end but we get to practice using this technology,” said Ernesto Rojas, a second-year student at University of California San Francisco School of Medicine. “We learned how to build rapport and ask the patient things like, ‘Are you in a place where you can talk privately?’” Students have also said they’ve felt particularly motivated to complete their training amid the pandemic. Medical school applications are up by 18 percent compared with this time last year, according to the A.A.M.C. For Prerana Katiyar, 22, a first-year medical student at Columbia, the first few months of medical school didn’t look anything like she had anticipated. She started the semester living in her childhood home in Fairfax, Va., where she shared lessons from her anatomy classes with her family over dinner. “When my dad said his abdomen hurt, I was able to talk to him about the quadrants of the abdomen,” Ms. Katiyar said. Halfway into the semester, she had an exciting update for her parents. “My skull finally arrived in the mail,” she said. Ms. Katiyar’s anatomy professor arranged for each student to order a plastic model of the skull. “Now I can see the bony landmarks and where the nerves are,” she continued. “I’m a very visual person so it’s been helpful to trace it with my finger.” Advertisement ",1301,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886065757,2021-03-23 02:53:00,The first officer who responded to Boulder shooting scene was killed. He leaves behind seven children,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/x8ccLfVmKgw/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,"CNN's Shawn Nottingham, Joe Sutton and Whitney Wild contributed to this report.  ",14,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886056458,2021-03-23 02:39:11,Putin downplays possible Russian involvement in Malaysia Airlines crash,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-putin-downplays-possible-russian-involvement-in-malaysia-airlines-crash/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886056456,2021-03-23 02:40:11,Hamas claims kidnapping of Israeli soldier,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/hamas-claims-kidnapping-of-israeli-soldier/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886056452,2021-03-23 02:42:11,7/20: Deadly day in Gaza as Israel steps up ground offensive; California couple threatened with fine for under-watering lawn,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/720-deadly-day-in-gaza-as-israel-steps-up-ground-offensive-california-couple-threatened-with-fine-for-under-watering-lawn/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886056449,2021-03-23 02:44:11,Sec. Kerry travels to Egypt,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/sec-kerry-travels-to-egypt/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886056445,2021-03-23 02:45:12,Downed Malaysian airliner investigation,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/downed-malaysian-airliner-investigation/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886056442,2021-03-23 02:46:11,"Act fast, be patient: How to handle identity theft",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/act-fast-be-patient-how-to-handle-identity-theft/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886057238,2021-03-23 01:09:24,Australia floods: Western Sydney 'greatest concern' as more rain falls,https://news.yahoo.com/australia-floods-rainfall-set-peak-131911373.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886056436,2021-03-23 02:48:12,MoneyWatch: TSA raises fee for travelers; Stocks go up after quarterly results,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/moneywatch-tsa-raises-fee-for-travelers-stocks-go-up-after-quarterly-results/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. ,19,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886066499,2021-03-23 03:00:07,Tesla’s Autopilot Technology Faces Fresh Scrutiny,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/business/teslas-autopilot-safety-investigations.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by Federal regulators are investigating 23 recent accidents in which drivers were, or may have been, using the automatic steering and braking system. Send any friend a story “We need to see the results of the investigations first, but these incidents are the latest examples that show these advanced cruise-control features Tesla has are not very good at detecting and then stopping for a vehicle that is stopped in a highway circumstance,” said Jason Levine, executive director of the Center for Auto Safety, a group created in the 1970s by Consumers Union and Ralph Nader. Bryant Walker Smith, a professor at the University of South Carolina who has advised the federal government on automated driving, said it was important to develop advanced technologies to reduce traffic fatalities, which now number about 40,000 a year. But he said he had concerns about Autopilot, and how the name and Tesla’s marketing imply drivers can safely turn their attention away from the road. “There is an incredible disconnect between what the company and its founder are saying and letting people believe, and what their system is actually capable of,” he said. Tesla, which disbanded its public relations department and generally does not respond to inquiries from reporters, did not return phone calls or emails seeking comment. And Mr. Musk did not respond to questions sent to him on Twitter. The company has argued that its cars are very safe, claiming that its own data shows that Teslas are in fewer accidents per mile driven and even fewer when Autopilot is in use. It has also said it tells drivers that they must pay close attention to the road when using Autopilot and should always be ready to retake control of their cars. A second fatal incident took place in Florida in 2019 under similar circumstances — a Tesla crashed into a tractor-trailer when Autopilot was engaged. Investigators determined that the driver had not had his hands on the steering wheel before impact. By comparison, a similar G.M. system, Super Cruise, monitors a driver’s eyes and switches off if the person looks away from the road for more than a few seconds. That system can be used only on major highways. The new administration in Washington could take a firmer line on safety. The Trump administration did not seek to impose many regulations on autonomous vehicles and sought to ease other rules the auto industry did not like, including fuel-economy standards. By contrast, President Biden has appointed an acting NHTSA administrator, Steven Cliff, who worked at the California Air Resources Board, which frequently clashed with the Trump administration on regulations. Despite their names, Autopilot and Full Self-Driving have big limitations. Their software and sensors cannot control cars in many situations, which is why drivers have to keep their eyes on the road and hands on or close to the wheel. The system is not “not capable of recognizing or responding” to certain “circumstances and events,” Eric C. Williams, Tesla’s associate general counsel, wrote. “These include static objects and road debris, emergency vehicles, construction zones, large uncontrolled intersections with multiple incoming ways, occlusions, adverse weather, complicated or adversarial vehicles in the driving paths, unmapped roads.” Mr. Levine of the Center for Auto Safety has complained to federal regulators that the names Autopilot and Full Self-Driving are misleading at best and could be encouraging some drivers to be reckless. “Autopilot suggests the car can drive itself and, more importantly, stop itself,” he said. “And they doubled down with Full Self-Driving, and again that leads consumers to believe the vehicle is capable of doing things it is not capable of doing.” Advertisement ",608,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886065741,2021-03-23 02:31:39,"Tensions mount between Afghan government, powerful warlord",https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/tensions-mount-between-afghan-government-powerful-warlord/2021/03/23/6c6725a6-8ba1-11eb-a33e-da28941cb9ac_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_world,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886065735,2021-03-23 02:40:10,Ugandan police detain American man over alleged subversion,https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/africa/ugandan-police-detain-american-man-over-alleged-subversion/2021/03/23/9cbbd5e8-8ba2-11eb-a33e-da28941cb9ac_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_world,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886065728,2021-03-23 02:42:50,"Covid-19 live updates: NIH questions AstraZeneca trial data, calls it ‘incomplete’",https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2021/03/23/coronavirus-covid-live-updates-us/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_world,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"Choosing who lives and who dies exacts a toll for Brazil’s doctors Why was D.C. excluded from a FEMA vaccine program? Maryland has seen steady growth in virus cases, hospitalizations — but not deaths  Colleges and universities push to get vaccines to students  Justice Dept. has charged 474 people with trying to steal more than $569 million in covid-related fraud schemes Former CDC chief Redfield urged to step aside as Hogan adviser after comments about Wuhan lab  Despite covid-19, economic pressures make it hard for Cancún to turn visitors away 15 states to give all adults vaccine access this month, with number rising to 34 by mid-April Northern Virginia schools divided over CDC’s new three-feet guidance A voter outreach group in Northern Virginia has turned its focus to getting people vaccinated Vaccinated adults may have more freedom. But for kids, ‘The rules haven’t changed.’ Here’s why you shouldn’t get more than one vaccine New FEMA-supported mass vaccination sites coming to Boston, Norfolk and Newark Germany warns third wave could be worse than first two Lebanon receives first shipment of privately procured Russian vaccine doses Choosing who lives and who dies exacts a toll for Brazil’s doctors Why was D.C. excluded from a FEMA vaccine program? Maryland has seen steady growth in virus cases, hospitalizations — but not deaths  Colleges and universities push to get vaccines to students  Justice Dept. has charged 474 people with trying to steal more than $569 million in covid-related fraud schemes Former CDC chief Redfield urged to step aside as Hogan adviser after comments about Wuhan lab  Despite covid-19, economic pressures make it hard for Cancún to turn visitors away 15 states to give all adults vaccine access this month, with number rising to 34 by mid-April Northern Virginia schools divided over CDC’s new three-feet guidance A voter outreach group in Northern Virginia has turned its focus to getting people vaccinated Vaccinated adults may have more freedom. But for kids, ‘The rules haven’t changed.’ Here’s why you shouldn’t get more than one vaccine New FEMA-supported mass vaccination sites coming to Boston, Norfolk and Newark Germany warns third wave could be worse than first two Lebanon receives first shipment of privately procured Russian vaccine doses Why? The Washington Post is providing this news free to all readers as a public service. Biden initially pledged that 100 million shots would be delivered during his first 100 days in office, but doubled his commitment Thursday. The U.S. is already on track to meet his revised goal. About 2.5 million Americans are vaccinated a day, a pace that needs to be maintained for the administration to reach the 200 million mark, White House coronavirus response coordinator Jeff Zients said in a Friday coronavirus briefing. “This is an unprecedented pace. No country has ever vaccinated this many people this fast,” he said, adding that three new vaccination operated by the Federal Emergency Management Agency will be set up in Boston, Norfolk and Newark. Here are some significant developments: RIO DE JANEIRO — The patient was dead, a rare bed was open, and the ambulance operator was on the phone. For Lara Kretzer, it was time again to choose. “We have 15 patients ready to transfer,” the operator said. Kretzer, a physician at the Florianópolis hospital, froze. The hospital in southern Brazil had only two openings. Thirteen people were about to be turned away — and probably die. And she would have to live with the weight of that decision. “I don’t know how this will affect me in the future,” Kretzer would say. The District of Columbia will not receive extra vaccine doses or assistance setting up a mass vaccination site from the federal government, the head of the Federal Emergency Management Agency said Friday, because the agency is targeting the most populous states in setting up clinics in high poverty neighborhoods. FEMA acting administrator Robert J. Fenton Jr. acknowledged on a call with reporters Friday that the District has “high social vulnerability,” the measure of race and poverty that the agency has used to select sites that need mass vaccination clinics. But Fenton said FEMA’s selection process for the 21 sites it has set up so far, and the additional 15 it plans to open, was based not just on its “social vulnerability index” but on population. The agency started with the most populous states, opening sites in California, then Texas and Florida, and will continue to proceed by state size, Fenton said. That means the District — with a population smaller than all but two states — will not get this federal assistance. The increase has prompted warnings from public health experts who say it is too soon for members of the public to let their guard down, despite a growing number of vaccinated residents and a recent loosening of capacity restrictions. Hospitalizations and the statewide positivity rate are also trending upward in Maryland, with 4.64 percent of tests coming back positive as of Friday — up from a recent low of 3.28 on March 3. A 5-percent positivity rate could signal that not enough testing is happening and that new cases are likely going undetected, said Neil J. Sehgal, an assistant professor of health policy and management at the University of Maryland School of Public Health. Some schools are opening vaccine sites, with the goal of giving shots to every student on campus. Others are waiting for guidance from local officials and, in the meantime, urging students to get their doses wherever they can. The hope, college leaders say, is to open the door for more students to reconvene safely in classrooms, residence halls and cafeterias next school year. “Fall 2021 is going to look much more like the fall of 2019 than it did 2020,” said David Lakey, vice chancellor for health affairs and chief medical officer at the University of Texas System. “I’m hoping that at that time all the students that want to be vaccinated and all the faculty that want to be vaccinated will have that opportunity.” Texas on Monday will begin vaccinating people over the age of 16. Officials at the University of Texas in Austin told students who want to receive their vaccines through the school to register online so they can begin to schedule appointments. The department said it had also seen immense fraud in connection with the Economic Injury Disaster Loans program, and, along with the Secret Service and U.S. attorney’s office in Colorado, had seized $580 million of possibly stolen money from that program through administrative procedures. That money, authorities said, is separate from the funds explicitly tied to criminal charges. Redfield said his “personal opinion” was that it’s unlikely one of the most infectious viruses for humans leaped from bats to people at a wet market, and it seemed more plausible to him the virus was developed in a Chinese laboratory. American tourists — chafing at social distancing rules, impatient over the rollout of coronavirus vaccines — are surging back to Cancún. William Cruz can’t decide whether to welcome them, or worry about a new wave of coronavirus cases. “Should gringos come here?” asked the father of two, who waits tables in the city’s popular tourist district. He knows he needs them, desperately. But with tourists who seem to want to keep partying, economic pressures make it hard for Cancún to contemplate turning visitors away. People 16 and older will be eligible for immunization against the coronavirus in at least 15 states by the end of the month — a sign of rapidly expanding access to the shots as the nation confronts an uptick in infections. More widespread availability is made possible by enlarged supply of the three authorized vaccines. The federal government is preparing to distribute as many as 35 million doses next week, according to a federal official. That includes 11 million doses of Johnson & Johnson’s single-shot vaccine, which so far has been available to states and other jurisdictions in sharply limited quantities. With ramped-up manufacturing, rationing is no longer required in many places. Kansas and Minnesota were two of the most recent states to unveil plans to open the floodgates, on Monday and Tuesday of next week respectively.  Six states have already removed eligibility requirements: Alaska, Arizona, Georgia, Mississippi, Utah and West Virginia. Those preparing to do so by the end of March also include Indiana, Louisiana, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Carolina and Texas. At least 34 states have announced plans to make everyone 16 and older eligible by mid-April, according to a Washington Post review. And Jeff Zients, coordinator of the White House’s coronavirus response, said 46 states and D.C. had already made clear they would prioritize all adults by May 1 — the deadline set by President Biden. He said opportunities for more Americans to be immunized signaled the program’s success. More than 71 percent of people 65 and older have received at least one shot, according to Centers for Disease Control and Prevention data. Zients acknowledged that some states were rapidly opening up eligibility because they have not been able to fill appointments among their most vulnerable populations, which includes elderly people and those with high-risk medical conditions. “If there are states that are lagging behind, we’re working with those states to ensure they continue to prioritize the most vulnerable populations,” he said during a Friday briefing. Health officials stressed that the accelerating pace of inoculations may not be sufficient to ward off another wave of infections. The latest seven-day average of daily cases, which stands at about 57,000, represents an increase of 7 percent from last week, said CDC Director Rochelle Walensky. She warned of a “real potential for the epidemic curve to soar again.” Following new federal guidance, Arlington Public Schools will switch from six to three feet of distance between students in classrooms — allowing the school division to place more children in face-to-face learning before the end of the year. The three-feet paradigm will also enable Arlington to offer five days a week of in-person summer instruction and to better plan for five days a week of in-person learning this fall, Superintendent Francisco Durán told the school board at a meeting Thursday. But the Northern Virginia school system of 27,000 will not add more days of in-person schooling per week before the end of this academic year, Durán said, because it would be too complicated logistically and would disrupt education for many. The majority of the roughly 15,000 Arlington students who have returned to classrooms this semester are heading to campus two days a week, although special-needs children are coming into classrooms four days a week. With Thursday’s announcement, Arlington is stepping out ahead of some other school districts in Northern Virginia. Neither Alexandria City Public Schools nor Fairfax County Public Schools, the state’s largest district with 180,000 students, have said how they will respond to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s revisions. The Arlington Democrats outreach group has transformed its “get out the vote” efforts into a push to get neighbors vaccinated — regardless of how they might choose at the polls. The three available in the United States — Pfizer’s, Moderna’s and Johnson & Johnson’s — were authorized to be given as separate and complete immunizations, not in combination or sequence. As we noted in January, swapping the Pfizer or Moderna second dose should be done only in “exceptional situations,” according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The agency also cautioned that those mRNA vaccines aren’t interchangeable. Two months later, that guidance remains. Because demand continues to outstrip supply in most parts of the country, it’s also worth considering the many people who haven’t been vaccinated yet. If you’re aware of available doses nearby and would like to further decrease your chances of exposure to the coronavirus, even after full vaccination, consider reaching out to unvaccinated members of your community. The more people around you who have immunity, the harder it is for a virus to spread. “It’s a bit too early to be getting greedy about taking multiple vaccines just yet,” University of Colorado immunologist Ross Kedl told Bloomberg News earlier this month. “Let’s all just be content with one for now until everyone gets a shot.” Additionally, it is not clear how beneficial that extra vaccine would be. Here’s a rough analogy: If you have two bike helmets and you’re already wearing one, everyone is safer if you lend the spare to a bareheaded cyclist than if you try to stack a helmet on a helmet. It’s not out of the question that we may need booster shots in the future should protection afforded by this round of vaccinations wane. If so, a recommendation will come after evaluation by medical researchers, statisticians, health regulators and others — not the result of “let’s try this at home” personal experiments. Pfizer and Moderna, for instance, are testing additional boosters and potentially revised vaccines in response to variants. Vaccine combinations are also being studied in clinical trials: In February, the U.K. government announced a trial to give one shot of one vaccine, followed by a second shot of another (such as an AstraZeneca dose with a Pfizer dose 12 weeks later). Another clinical trial in Europe will test the AstraZeneca vaccine and Russia’s Sputnik vaccine given 29 days apart. Such studies are in the early stages. The first results from U.K.'s trial might come over the summer. The Federal Emergency Management Agency is setting up three new mass vaccination sites — in Boston, Norfolk and Newark. Jeff Zients, the coordinator of the White House’s coronavirus task force, announced the plans during a Friday briefing. FEMA is already supporting at least 21 such sites across 10 states. The sites are capable of administering as many as 6,000 shots a day. Biden has made enhanced federal deployments a cornerstone of his handling of the immunization campaign, stressing the need for improved infrastructure to bring doses to people throughout the country.  BERLIN — German health authorities warned Friday that the country’s current wave of infections may be worse than the first two, as the more contagious coronavirus mutation first detected in Britain takes hold. Germany is in the midst of a “third wave” triggered by the “even more dangerous” and harder to contain B117 variant, warned Lothar Weiler, head of the Robert Koch Institute, the federal agency responsible for the control of infectious diseases. The variant now accounts for the majority of cases in the country. “We have to be prepared for the fact that the number of cases will rise sharply, that more people get seriously ill again, that clinics will be overloaded and that many people will die, too,” he said at a joint news conference with German Health Minister Jens Spahn. Germany has recently faced a spike in new infections despite ongoing restrictions, which include limiting contacts to two households. On Thursday the country recorded its highest number of new infections since January, with 22,657 new cases in a single day. It comes against the backdrop of a sluggish vaccine rollout and plunging approval ratings for the government’s handling of the pandemic. Spahn said that vaccinations were reducing cases among those over 80, but the prevalence of B117 was reducing the overall impact of inoculation. As of next week, airline travelers to and from Germany will be required to show a negative test before their flight, but Spahn said the measures wouldn’t be a “game changer” for the upcoming Easter holidays. “At the moment, the numbers are rising too fast and the virus variants make the situation particularly dangerous,” he said. “If this continues unrestrained, we run the risk of our health-care system reaching its limits in the course of April.” ",2628,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031839,2021-03-23 01:54:11,Malaysia Airlines faces second tragedy in four months,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-malaysia-airlines-faces-second-tragedy-in-four-months/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031837,2021-03-23 01:55:11,Hamas militants push deep into Israel via tunnels,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/hamas-militants-push-deep-into-israel-via-tunnels/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886076104,2021-03-23 03:00:00,She faced toxic male bonding and crippling work hours. Her debut novel calls out Japanese men.,https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/japan-sexism-mystery-novel-shinkawa/2021/03/22/089e4dc8-8373-11eb-be22-32d331d87530_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_world,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"TOKYO — The heroine of Hotate Shinkawa's first mystery novel isn't unfamiliar to many Western readers: a strong and outspoken female lawyer who succeeds in a man's world. But in Japan — notorious for its misogynist culture — she’s downright shocking and unappealing to some and a fantasy to those who share her dreams. Published in January, “My Ex-Boyfriend’s Last Will and Testament” has won a prestigious mystery-novel award but has generated mixed reactions. The 30-year-old Shinkawa, a full-time lawyer herself, said many male readers said they couldn’t relate to the main character and wouldn’t want to date her, which shows the lens through which many Japanese men view women: “whether they are girlfriend material or not.” Many female readers said they looked up to the novel’s heroine, she said. “What happens in the book is a fantasy because such a strong-willed woman wouldn’t be able to excel in this way in the real world,” she said. Shinkawa had dreamed of being a writer since she was 16 but decided that first she needed a firm financial base — and that meant a career in the law. “I personally faced a lot of obstacles in my career as a lawyer, barriers I wouldn’t have faced as a man,” she said, citing hurdles that began right at the hiring process. Black hair, white underwear: A battle resumes over Japan’s school rules Women make up less than 19 percent of the lawyers in Japan and are paid around 75 percent of what men earn, on average, partly because they tend to be shunted into less-remunerative family law cases, Shinkawa said. “I often felt gender inequality when I grew up, but I always thought that if I studied hard and became successful, this would be resolved. But actually going into society, I realized this wasn’t true, and the same gender inequalities exist,” she said. “As a result, I felt many times like I just wanted to give up and couldn’t work any harder.” At one point, Shinkawa was clocking 150 to 160 hours of overtime a month and collapsed because of overwork. At that point, she decided it was time to take a step back and carve out time to realize her ambition to write a novel. “So I wrote this book, wanting to cheer and empower women who were in a similar situation,” she said. The main character in her novel is Reiko Kenmochi, a 28-year-old lawyer who has  ambitions for success and wealth. It begins when she learns that her ex-boyfriend, who recently died, has left behind a mysterious will that gives his entire inheritance to “the person who murdered me.” Kenmochi decides to represent a friend of the dead man who wants to be proved as the murderer. As a girlfriend and a lawyer, Kenmochi isn’t afraid to speak her mind: She tells her boyfriend off for giving her an “average” engagement ring and confronts her boss when her bonus is unfairly cut, only to be told she is “too aggressive and scary”; she submits her resignation. Mystery novels in Japan are usually written by men and feature men as the protagonists, with women relegated to stereotypical, secondary roles. Shinkawa said she didn’t want to come home from a hard day of work to read about female characters she couldn’t relate to and decided to write a novel with a female protagonist who can be a good role model for women. Shinkawa, who was born in Dallas and moved to Japan as a 6-month-old, chose to work at a law firm that seemed to be fairer to women, but she still experienced discrimination: For example, when the firm introduced an option to work shorter hours to take care of children, the email was sent only to women, “implying it was the women’s job to look after children and do the housework.” Japan says married couples must share the same surname, so I was forced to change mine Female lawyers tended to be married to fellow lawyers: Nearly half the men had wives who didn’t work and took care of all the household duties. “We were competing with these men, who have an advantage, so I often felt it was harder for women,” she said. “When we go drinking, we would often end up in hostess bars [where women are paid to entertain male clients], with no consideration for the women who were forced to be there,” she added. “And there were plenty of sexual harassment remarks from my bosses. Even when I was praised for my work, my male colleagues would brush it off that it was because I buttered up to the men.” Shinkawa has now left that firm and works as in-house legal counsel for a corporation. She lives with her husband, a “wonderful man . . . who has openheartedly welcomed and accepted my success,” she said, and with whom she shares the housework equally. But the two aren’t legally married, because in Japan couples by law have to share the same surname, and Shinkawa didn’t want to change her name. She says a real change won’t come until there are more women in executive or decision-making roles in Japan. “There are many people who say similar things to Mori, but in reality, I’ve rarely seen people being ousted for it,” Shinkawa said. “But seeing the public backlash, I was really happy to see that society was changing and these remarks are not just being brushed off.” 
 Japan’s ruling party says women can join key meetings — as silent observers Olympic chief shake-up in Tokyo casts light on bullying and sexism in Japanese sport Being Black in Japan: Biracial Japanese talk about discrimination and identity The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",965,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886068115,2021-03-23 03:16:31,"Boulder Shooting Survivor: ‘It Doesn’t Feel Like There's Anywhere Safe Anymore, Sometimes’",https://www.huffpost.com/entry/boulder-colorado-mass-shooting-witness_n_60598a54c5b66a80f4ea4256,en,False,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"Reporter, HuffPost Store workers helped as many as two dozen customers avoid dead ends and escape through the store’s loading dock, said Borowski, who was shopping for ice cream, soda and chips. “Absolutely insane,” Borowski told “CNN Tonight” anchor Don Lemon of the chaos. “It was just ‘go go go, get out of here.’”  “Boulder feels like a bubble and the bubble burst and that’s heartbreaking. To think that people died today,” Borowski told “Outfront” anchor Erin Burnett. “It doesn’t feel like there’s anywhere safe anymore, sometimes,” he continued. “This feels like the safest spot in America and I just nearly got killed for getting a soda, you know, and a bag of chips. Doesn’t feel good.” Reporter, HuffPost ",121,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886068125,2021-03-23 03:00:40,Jeanine Pirro Describes Immigrant Children As A 'Lower Level Of Human Being',https://www.huffpost.com/entry/jeanine-pirro-immigrants-lower-human_n_6059599cc5b66a80f4ea1941,en,False,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"Reporter, HuffPost On “The Five,” Pirro argued that during a recent trip to the area, she saw that the border was open. “The bringing of these children into this country, where they will be forever connected to a cartel, is slavery,” she said. “What we’re doing here is we are promoting a lower level of human being, who will be controlled from other countries.” “So stop trying to make this about this is who ― not who we are,” she added. “This is about crime coming into this country and it’s a reality. And we’re losing.” Republicans have blamed Biden, saying the reversal of his predecessor Donald Trump’s harsh immigration policies was drawing more migrants to the border. The Biden administration has dismissed that, arguing that they were left with a broken and inhumane system. Reporter, HuffPost ",138,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886078102,2021-03-23 02:27:54,"Tensions mount between Afghan government, powerful warlord",https://news.yahoo.com/tensions-mount-between-afghan-government-062754976.html,en,True,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — Tensions are mounting between Afghanistan’s government and a powerful local warlord, with deadly clashes erupting in a rural province between his fighters and government troops. The fear is that the violence could be a harbinger of more chaos as U.S. troops head toward the exits. The government has launched an assault in central Maidan Wardak province, vowing to punish the warlord, Abdul Ghani Alipoor, after the defense minister accused his fighters of shooting down a military helicopter last week, killing nine personnel. It’s the latest in a long history of frictions with Alipoor that are increasingly turning bloody. In January, security forces killed at least 11 civilians when they opened fire on protesters, including many Alipoor supporters, in the province’s Behsud district. Alipoor holds widespread loyalty among ethnic Hazaras, a mainly Shiite community who are a minority in Afghanistan but make up most of the population in Maidan Wardak. Alipoor is one of the many warlords backed by heavily armed militias who hold local power across Afghanistan. The government is allied with some them, but others, like Alipoor, are in frequent confrontation with Kabul, resisting its control. These warlords are a potential wild card as Afghanistan enters a new phase after decades of war. The United States has committed to removing the last of its troops — though whether it will meet a May 1 deadline remains unclear. It is trying to push the government and the Taliban into a peace deal to ensure the country does not collapse into greater violence or an outright Taliban takeover after the U.S. pullout. That is proving difficult enough amid continued Taliban offensives. Many fear the warlords could also lash out if they see their many, often conflicting interests being harmed in the peace process. But if Kabul considers warlords as agents of turmoil, their supporters see them as their only protection and support in the face of a notoriously corrupt government and violent insurgents. Many Hazaras, who face attacks by Sunni militants and discrimination by the government, see Alipoor as a hero, defending them against the Taliban and keeping local institutions running. “The government is incompetent, so people depend on Alipoor and support him,” said Mohammed Jan, whose brother was among those killed in the Jan. 29 shooting of protesters in Behsud. “Alipoor serves his people. If our government would serve the people, everyone would support it and there wouldn’t be any need for an Alipoor.” The Jan. 29 protest was sparked by the appointment by Kabul of new local officials, seen in the district as a challenge to Alipoor. Mohammad Baqir Joyenda, a local elder, said he and a group of other elders from the district went to meet the provincial police chief to try to reverse the appointments. Meanwhile, protesters had been gathering outside. After the meeting, as the elders stepped out of the building, special forces started shooting at the protesters, Joyenda said. “We could see shooting, could hear people shouting,” he said. He said he took video of a wounded man shouting for help who was then shot again by security forces, and of another wounded man run over by a military vehicle. He said security officers forced him to delete the videos off his phone. At 10:30 that night, Joyenda learned that his son was among the dead. The 18-year-old, who had just graduated from high school, was shot from behind, Joyenda said. The deaths have left families reeling, even months later. Her eyes full of tears, Musouma Rahimi said her brother, Baqer, a farmer with eight children, was among the dead. One witness told her he was run over by a security vehicle after being shot. “We don’t have enough income for our own family, we can’t support my brother’s family,” said Rahimi, who has five children and works as a bank guard in Kabul. “I don’t know what will happen to them.” The shooting deepened longtime resentments between Alipoor and his supporters and Kabul. The Interior Ministry initially claimed that Alipoor’s fighters opened fire from among the protesters, prompting security forces to return fire. But details of the government investigation have not been released, other than noting that all the casualties were civilians. Authorities have said Alipoor — known among his supporters as Commander Shamsheer, “Commander Sword” in the Dari language — faces trial on a number of charges, including past clashes with security forces. Attempts to arrest him in 2018 prompted clashes that left seven civilians and four police dead as well as large protests by Hazaras in Kabul. The two sides appear to be heading into a new confrontation after a military helicopter crashed on Wednesday in Behsud, killing all nine personnel on board. At a press conference Saturday, the newly appointed acting Defense Minister Gen. Yasin Zia accused Alipoor’s fighters of downing the helicopter with a rocket. He said the helicopter was heading there to ferry out troops wounded in earlier clashes with the warlord. President Ashraf Ghani spoke over the phone with families of the dead military personnel and afterward vowed: “Revenge will be taken because they were attacked while defending the country.” Later Saturday, the ministry said security forces battled Alipoor’s fighters in Behsud, killing at least 12 and wounding six. There was no word on government casualties. The troops also found a weapons cache and cleared away a number of checkpoints run by Alipoor’s militia, it said. Some in the government, however, are trying to prevent a greater escalation. One of Ghani’s security advisers, Mohammad Mohaqiq called on the government to avoid military action and “solve the issue in a peaceful way.” Mohammed Karim Khalili, a former vice president and ally of Alipoor, warned in a social media post that operations will provoke civilians. “It will only prolong problems and social and political crises.” “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family Markieff Morris: I love to see the hate! No doubt I took a hard foul which I always do but I've never hit a man with his back turned! Luckily we built different over here. I can take my licks and keep pushing. Joker 1 smooth 0 lol. Source: Twitter ... Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? The Patriots made three roster moves Monday that suggest more transactions could be coming ahead of Sunday's game against the Browns. Mayfield wished OBJ well personally but also made it clear he was happy with the Browns team now sans Beckham ",1443,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031835,2021-03-23 01:56:11,"Shock, anger grow in the Netherlands over Malaysia Airlines flight downing",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-shock-anger-grow-in-netherlands-over-malaysia-airlines-flight-downing/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886078097,2021-03-23 00:00:00,NRA bragged about blocking Boulder AR-15 ban a week before Boulder mass shooting,https://news.yahoo.com/nra-bragged-blocking-boulder-ar-040000858.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"ICYMI: A Colorado judge gave law-abiding gun owners something to celebrate. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family Markieff Morris: I love to see the hate! No doubt I took a hard foul which I always do but I've never hit a man with his back turned! Luckily we built different over here. I can take my licks and keep pushing. Joker 1 smooth 0 lol. Source: Twitter ... Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? The Patriots made three roster moves Monday that suggest more transactions could be coming ahead of Sunday's game against the Browns. Mayfield wished OBJ well personally but also made it clear he was happy with the Browns team now sans Beckham ",485,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886079469,2021-03-23 03:12:10,Daniel Dae Kim: How we get to a post-racial society,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/daniel-dae-kim-how-we-get-to-a-post-racial-society/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886084598,2021-03-23 03:05:44,Dueling narratives: Biden’s pandemic progress could be overshadowed by border crisis,https://www.foxnews.com/media/dueling-narratives-bidens-pandemic-progress-could-be-overshadowed-by-border-crisis,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"McCammond sunk by tweets as teenager Joe Biden’s presidency is either off to a roaring start or a disastrous debut. I’m not talking here about the stark differences in how liberals and conservatives view the new president. It’s about two competing narratives, both of which are rooted in reality. On the other hand, Biden and his team have created a humanitarian disaster at the border, failed to anticipate the surge they invited and have no easy way to ease the crisis. With 14,000 unaccompanied minors having crossed the border into Texas, this is not some tendentious tale pushed by right-wing media. Mainstream news organizations have been all over the border fiasco, and some Democrats have been highly critical as well. If there’s a common thread here, it’s Biden’s core belief in government’s ability to make things better. This was a winning message in the midst of a pandemic that has caused so much suffering, and the president decided to go big with anti-poverty programs and other Democratic wish-list items. With millions already getting their $1,400 stimulus checks, it’s hardly abstract legislation—and Biden will benefit if turning on the spigot irrigates an economic renaissance. ATLANTA KILLINGS SPARK A RAW DEBATE ABOUT ASIAN AMERICANS, TRUMP, AND RHETORIC Now plenty could go wrong. The virus could worsen again, either through new variants or a widespread refusal to get vaccinated. The economy could overheat, or the new law could come to be viewed as wasteful. And Biden’s relatively low profile—he finally holds his first news conference this week—could fuel a sense that he’s not fully in charge, rather than as a self-effacing way to lower the national temperature. But a failure to control the border would greatly undermine Biden’s reputation for competence long after the stimulus money has been spent. And it’s largely a self-inflicted wound. SUBSCRIBE TO HOWIE'S MEDIA BUZZMETER PODCAST, A RIFF OF THE DAY'S HOTTEST STORIES Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas didn’t do the White House any favors as he made the Sunday show rounds, mainly blaming the crisis on the Trump administration and appearing out of touch as he stiffly insisted ""the border is closed."" The fact is that Border Patrol isn’t turning away minors, and the administration just issued an $86-million contract for hotel rooms to house migrants seeking asylum. That doesn’t exactly send a ""closed for business"" message. Little wonder that Donald Trump, who had his own struggles at the border, said in a statement that ""the Biden administration has turned a national triumph into a national disaster."" At the moment, the border crisis is like a dark shadow on the sunny horizon of Biden’s political success. But it could eventually darken the landscape unless the president can find a way to fix this mess without fully abandoning his compassionate ideals. Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inbox Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! ",492,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886084597,2021-03-23 03:23:33,"10 killed, including police veteran, in Colorado grocery massacre",https://www.foxnews.com/us/ten-people-slain-including-police-veteran-in-colorado-grocery-massacre,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"The officer was identified as Eric Talley, 51, who served on the force since 2010. He was the first officer at King Soopers, the crime scene, after the shooting occurred at about 2:30 p.m. His actions were called heroic. Talley was the father of seven, his youngest seven years old, his father told the Denver Channel. ""He loved his kids and his family more than anything,"" his father said. The suspect, who was not identified, is receiving medical treatment. Officers had escorted a shirtless man with blood running down his leg out of the store in handcuffs but authorities would not say if he was the suspect. Identities of the other nine victims were not disclosed as police were still notifying their family members. The migrants, who are in clear pens akin to cages, are seen sleeping on pads on the floor with aluminum blankets. In some instances, it appears that dozens are sharing individual pens. Most appear to be wearing masks. Amid a significant surge of migrants to the southern border in President Biden's first two months, some in the media have complained about a lack of access to facilities like the one in Donna. ""I respectfully ask US Customs and Border Protection to stop blocking media access to their border operations,"" award-winning photojournalist John Moore tweeted Friday. ""I have photographed CBP under Bush, Obama and Trump but now - zero access is granted to media. These long-lens images taken from the Mexican side."" He added: ""There’s no modern precedent for a full physical ban on media access to CBP border operations."" During an interview with CNN's State of the Union, Hutchinson confirmed that the ""whole design of the law"" was to overturn the Supreme Court’s current case law. ""And so I signed it because it is a direct challenge to Roe vs. Wade. That was the intent of it,"" Hutchinson said. ""I think there's a very narrow chance that the Supreme Court will accept that case, but we will see. The makeup of the Supreme Court is conservative leaning after President Donald Trump successfully appointed three Justices to the bench. The ideological tilt skews 6-3 in favor of conservatives. Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inbox Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! ",390,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886079464,2021-03-23 03:13:11,27-year old charged with retail theft after taking selfie,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/27-year-old-charged-with-retail-theft-after-taking-selfie/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886079458,2021-03-23 03:18:10,Obama signs act to protect LGBT federal contractors,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/obama-signs-act-to-protect-lgbt-federal-contractors/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886084894,2021-03-23 03:00:04,"The sometimes-fuzzy $400,000 threshold in Biden’s tax plan",https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2021/03/23/sometimes-fuzzy-400000-threshold-bidens-tax-plan/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_politics,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"“Anybody making more than $400,000 will see a small to a significant tax increase. If you make less than $400,000, you won’t see one single penny in additional federal tax.” What’s going on here? Notice the phrase “nobody making under $400,000 a year”? That was echoed by Biden’s phrasing the next day: “Anybody making more than $400,000 will see a small to a significant tax increase.” But the day after the interview, Psaki said something different. A reporter asked for a definition of anybody: “To clarify, did he mean individuals or households? Because it wasn’t very clear.” This response was puzzling, to say the least. Her response raised the possibility that individuals making less than $400,000 would face higher taxes. Various think tanks conducted studies of the Biden plan, and all said they based their calculations on the assumption that individuals making less than $400,000 would not face a tax increase. (Another Biden tax proposal would reintroduce Social Security payroll taxes once a person’s wages top $400,000. Currently, a person stops paying taxes once income reaches $142,800. That plan is clearly aimed at individual taxpayers.) Not every campaign plan survives its way to legislation intact, of course. There have been other hints that the $400,000 line might be fuzzy. But at another point, Yellen also referred to families. “President Biden has stated that he will not ask families making under $400,000 per year to pay more in taxes,” Yellen wrote. Naturally, we queried the White House for an explanation. A White House official told The Fact Checker: “President Biden’s plan will not raise taxes on anyone making under $400,000.” The White House clearly understands that this was a memorable promise made by the president — one he reiterated just last week. Despite the confusion spawned by various administration references to “families,” the promise appears to remain intact. We will be watching carefully as the legislative sausage-making begins. The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",334,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886085011,2021-03-23 03:13:20,The latest on the coronavirus pandemic and vaccines,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/p3dCRRu6-QM/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,"From Fernanda Wenzel and Natalie Gallon Brazil on Tuesday recorded 3,251 new deaths due to Covid-19 – its highest daily death toll since the pandemic began and the first time it has posted more than 3,000 coronavirus-related deaths in a day, according to the country’s health ministry.   Brazil’s Covid-19 death toll now stands at 298,676, with the previous record of highest daily deaths coming only last week.   Additionally, 82,493 new cases of coronavirus were also reported across the country, bringing the total country cases registered so far to 12,130,019.   From CNN’s Lauren Mascarenhas The concerns raised about AstraZeneca’s Covid-19 vaccine efficacy data don't seem to be related to safety, the World Health Organization (WHO) told CNN in a statement Tuesday.  AstraZeneca announced Monday that US trial data on its Covid-19 vaccine showed 79% efficacy against symptomatic disease and 100% efficacy against severe disease and hospitalization. It was a news release and not the official release of data to be used by the US Food and Drug Administration in determining whether to grant emergency use authorization for the vaccine. In a statement released Tuesday, the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) highlighted concerns raised by the trial's Data and Safety Monitoring Board that AstraZeneca used outdated information from the trial.  WHO said its emergency use listings and advisory group recommendations for AstraZeneca vaccines from SKBio and Serum Institute of India stand.  “We will look forward to the scientific review of the clinical trials in the US, Chile, and Peru,” WHO added.  From CNN’s Jade Gordon and Devon Sayers All Georgians age 16 and older can receive the Covid-19 vaccine starting Thursday, the state announced ahead of a scheduled news conference this afternoon.  Gov. Brian Kemp will receive his vaccination on Friday, his press secretary Mallory Blount told CNN.  Vaccinations were previously open in Georgia to people 55 and older, those with certain medical conditions, caregivers or with specific essential jobs.   Georgia has administered over two million first doses of vaccine, according to the state Department of Health.  Georgia is home to the world’s busiest airport, Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International. The state has a population of more than 10.5 million people, according to the US Census Bureau.  From CNN’s Ashley Ahn, Jacqueline Howard, and Virginia Langmaid Three states have expanded coronavirus vaccine eligibility to anyone over 16, and at least 19 more plan to open up to people 16 and older by the end of April. Alaska opened up vaccinations to anyone 16 and older on March 9, Mississippi on March 16, and West Virginia expanded on March 22. Oklahomans 16 and older can get vaccinated through the Chickasaw Nation’s vaccination program, but not yet through the state’s program.  Below is the timeline for when some other states have said they will open vaccination eligibility to all people over the age of 16: For all states currently vaccinating anyone over 16, people ages 16 or 17 can only receive a Pfizer vaccine, as it is the only option authorized for use in that population so far. Moderna’s and Johnson & Johnson’s vaccines are authorized for use in adults 18 and older. From CNN’s Keri Enriquez The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says it hopes to enroll about 13,000 pregnant people for each of the three authorized coronavirus vaccines to see how pregnancy might affect vaccine safety.  The agency will use existing and new safety monitoring systems, including its V-safe pregnancy registry, a CDC spokesperson told CNN Tuesday. V-safe is a smartphone-based tool that uses text messaging and web surveys to provide personalized health check-ins after people receive a Covid-19 vaccine. The V-safe COVID-19 pregnancy registry is for V-safe users who are willing to provide additional data and information to participate in further study through telephone interviews.  As of March 22, 60,448 pregnant women have registered with the V-safe health database and 3,612 of them have additionally joined the V-safe pregnancy registry. The CDC is building the infrastructure to follow these women and add more participants to study, and noted that most women who have been contacted to participate agree to join, the spokesperson told CNN.  Registry staff will call participants multiple times during their pregnancies and when the baby is about 3 months old. During these check-ins, mothers will be asked questions about medical and obstetric history, pregnancy complications, birth outcomes, and obstetric and they will be asked for access to their medical records to get a bigger picture and more detailed and technical information that participants may not recall, a CDC spokesperson told CNN. From CNN's Melissa Alonso Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam on Tuesday announced he is rolling back restrictions on indoor and outdoor gatherings starting next week.  ""Starting on April 1, we will make some limited and targeted changes to our Forward Virginia guidelines,"" Gov. Northam said at a briefing Tuesday.  ""Social gatherings may have up to 50 people indoors and 100 people outdoors,"" said Northam. ""Entertainment venues will be able to operate at 30% of capacity [with] up to 500 people indoors, outdoor venues can have up to 30%,"" Gov. Northam said. The number of spectators allowed for outdoor recreational sports will increase to 500, while indoor recreation will be capped at 100 people, said Northam. ""Recreational sporting events indoors and outside will be limited to 30% of capacity,"" added Northam.  ""You need to wear a mask and follow other guidelines and safety protocols,"" said the governor.  ""To be very clear, we are not simply throwing the doors open,"" stressed Northam.   From CNN's Jen Christensen  Catalent, the fill and finish plant in Bloomington, Indiana, that is helping to produce Johnson & Johnson’s Covid-19 vaccine, said Tuesday it received an OK from the US Food and Drug Administration to ship the vaccine. Catalent has been producing doses for the past couple months as Johnson & Johnson promised to deliver 20 million of its single-dose vaccine to the US government by the end of the March.  Catalent had dedicated a line specifically to fill vials of the Johnson & Johnson vaccine and hired 300 additional staff to work 24/7 to produce it — but it needed FDA authorization to ship the product.  Catalent would not say how many millions of Johnson & Johnson vaccines it would be able to ship immediately. A spokesperson for the company told CNN it would be up to J&J to disclose that number. Asked by CNN how many doses would be available, Johnson & Johnson did not provide specifics. Biden administration officials, meanwhile, told CNN this week they were not confident that Johnson & Johnson would be able to meet its self-imposed deadline to deliver 20 million coronavirus vaccines by the end of March. Johnson & Johnson has said it is on target to meet that goal. Johnson & Johnson only had 4 million doses ready to ship when it was authorized by the FDA at the end of February. An additional 1.2 million doses have gone out since, meaning the company must have another 14.8 million ready in the next week to meet its goal.  White House officials said Tuesday 4 million more J&J doses would be allocated this week. From CNN's Jason Hoffman White House press secretary Jen Psaki gave the latest update on vaccine doses available, saying there will be 27 million doses allocated across all channels this week. Psaki said White House Covid-19 response coordinator Jeff Zients made the announcement on the weekly call with governors on Tuesday.  Last week, the White House said there were more than 22 million doses being sent to all channels. “This means that in 63 days since taking office we’ve more than tripled vaccine output,” Psaki added. From CNN’s Matthew Chance Russian President Vladimir Putin has been vaccinated against coronavirus, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told CNN on Tuesday.  “Putin was vaccinated against the coronavirus. (He) feels good. Tomorrow he has a full working day,” Peskov told CNN.  No video or images of the vaccination process were immediately made available. Earlier, the Kremlin said it would not be a public event. No information was provided on which coronavirus vaccine Putin had, but earlier the Kremlin said it would be one of the three approved Russian vaccines.  Please enable JavaScript for a better experience. ",1359,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886079454,2021-03-23 03:22:11,"Actor Hank Azaria talks career and new dramatic role in ""Ray Donovan""",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/actor-hank-azaria-talks-career-and-new-dramatic-role-in-ray-donovan/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031833,2021-03-23 01:57:11,How will the Malaysia Airlines crash investigation proceed?,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-how-will-the-malaysian-jet-crash-investigation-proceed/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031831,2021-03-23 01:58:10,Pressure builds on Russia in Malaysia Airlines tragedy,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-pressure-builds-on-russia-in-malaysia-airlines-tragedy/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031830,2021-03-23 01:59:10,Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 investigators denied access to crash site,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-investigators-denied-access-to-crash-site/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886017748,2021-03-23 00:10:37,Worker is electrocuted on the job at West Melbourne,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391729/Worker-electrocuted-job-West-Melbourne.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 11 The 21-year-old was doing electrical work on a car stacker elevator on Monday when the incident occurred, WorkSafe Victoria said. It is investigating. The death brings the state's workplace fatality toll to 10 so far this year. More to come.   The 21-year-old was doing electrical work on a car stacker elevator on Monday when the incident occurred, WorkSafe Victoria said (stock image) Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",83,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031829,2021-03-23 02:00:11,Wildfire devastates Central Washington town,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/wildfire-devastates-central-washington-town/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886017747,2021-03-23 00:13:18,Kamala Harris LAUGHS when asked if she will visit the border hours after photos revealed conditions,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391503/Kamala-Harris-LAUGHS-asked-visit-border-hours-photos-revealed-conditions.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 1.8k 'Not today,' responded Harris, before laughing. 'But I have before, and I'm sure I will again.'  Vice President Kamala Harris started laughing when asked if she would be visiting the border amid the surge in illegal immigrants entering the country  'Not today!' Harris said at Jacksonville Airport, before cracking up in response to the reporter's question. 'But I have before and I'm sure I will again.' U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris spoke to reporters prior to holding a 'Help is Here' tour event to tout the $1.9 trillion American Rescue Plan Act legislation The Vice President's response led to sharp criticism online. 'Hey Kalama: You better get down there', wrote one Twitter user.  'She laughs off a lot of questions because she's incompetent'  said one user. 'Translation, 'NO'. She wasn't asking about your vacation plans @KamalaHarris there is a crisis you are ignoring, not a joke, not funny, and people deserve real answers....' I'm sure I will again...', stated another furious contributor.  President Biden also said on Sunday that he will be making the trip 'at some point' despite previously saying he had no plans to visit.  Harris was in Florida as she promoted the passage of a $1.9 trillion coronavirus relief package.   The Biden administration has come under criticism for the way it has responded to  its response to the crisis, although it has refused to use that word. 'Children presenting at our border who are fleeing violence, who are fleeing prosecution, who are fleeing terrible situations is not a crisis,' White House press secretary Jen Psaki said. 'We feel it is our responsibility to humanely approach this circumstance and make sure they are treated, and put into conditions that are safe.'  A number of Twitter users were not impressed with the Vice President's response Kamala Harris was asked if she had plans to visit the US-Mexico border on Monday but appeared to laugh at the question when posed by a reporter.  Vice President Harris visited a COVID-19 vaccination clinic and held a roundtable discussion at a food bank Thousands of migrants have crossed the border at the highest rate in some 20 years after restrictions that were brought in during the Trump presidency were rolled back. On Monday, the Biden administration came under fire after Democratic Rep. Henry Cuellar published photos of a packed migrant facility in Donna, Texas. The photos showed many migrants locked inside clear pens that appeared similar to the ones the Trump administration came under fire for using. There has also been further criticism after the administration appeared to restrict media access to the detention facilities.    White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki has said that journalists will eventually be able to tour border detention facilities. On Monday, the Biden administration came under fire on Monday after Democratic Rep. Henry Cuellar published photos of a packed migrant facility in Donna, Texas.   Cuellar said they offered an insight into the 'terrible conditions for the children' at the border  White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki had said there would be organized trips for press to gain access to detention facilities; later, she walked back on those comments and refused to share images from the facilities  On Monday, Republicans Senator Ted Cruz wrote to President Joe Biden after after access was refused to both the press and fourteen other senators who visited the border.   'The American people are beginning to understand the gravity of the situation,' Cruz wrote. 'But it is not enough for members of the Senate to see what is happening — the American people must see. That is why I requested that members of the media be allowed to join us. But your administration clearly and emphatically refused to offer press access.' 'This is outrageous and hypocritical,' said Cruz who accused Psaki of reneging on the administration's vow of 'transparency'. 'Denying the press the ability to observe, film, and report on the conditions at the border is not openness or transparency — it is hiding the truth from the American people,' added Cruz. 'The press and the American people deserve more than denials and excuses from a podium.'  White House press secretary Jen Psaki said Monday that the disturbing images of the cramped conditions inside a migrant 'overflow' tent in Texas showed what the Biden administration has said all along – the border facilities are not the place for children Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",751,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886031828,2021-03-23 02:01:12,The family a Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 victim left behind,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-the-family-a-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-victim-left-behind/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886017746,2021-03-23 00:13:42,Furious Taree businesswoman unleashes on live TV in fiery row with Mid Coast Council mayor,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391657/Furious-Taree-businesswoman-unleashes-live-TV-fiery-row-Mid-Coast-Council-mayor.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 65 Coralei Mason's Bohemian Café in Taree, on the state's mid-north coast, was inundated with a torrent of water on Saturday after the area was lashed by wild weather.  Startling pictures posted to social media showed staff wading through waist-deep water as they made their way across the Pulteney Arcade to salvage what they could from the cafe.  Mid Coast Council Mayor David West visited the arcade on Tuesday and was interviewed by Sky News about the floods, as the cafe's devastated owner Ms Mason continued with her daunting clean-up task.  Bohemian Café owner Coralei Mason (left) accused Mid North Coast Mayor David West (right) of turning up to her business for a 'camera opportunity'  A fired-up Ms Mason slammed Mr West for the visit, claiming he had only turned up to show his face for the cameras and demanded he take part in clean-up efforts.     'You've come down here for a camera opportunity. Where's your gloves, mate? Seriously, where's your gloves?,' Ms Mason asked Mr West.  'You don't understand - I've lost everything here.' When Mr West responded 'I know you have', Ms Mason hit back: 'You don't know. This was my livelihood. This was my everything. And I have lost it.  'I'm still paying people for my business. I've got no income now to generate repayments,' she said.  'Don't stand here and tell my you understand.'  Startling pictures posted to social media show wait-deep water inside Taree's Pulteney Arcade, just outside the cafe The Bohemian Café was swamped by water after wild weather lashed the New South Wales mid-north coast on Saturday Ms Mason revealed how the business was quickly swamped with water when heavy rain hit the area and told how other business owners inside the arcade were scrambling to save their shops.     '(The rain) poured in from the gutters. And we're here running around trying to save our businesses,' she said.  Mr West denied he was there simply for a camera opportunity and said he visited to help out in any way he could.     A disaster declaration has been made for the Mid Coast Council area, allowing eligible residents to claim financial assistance.  Ms Mason has faced a daunting task to clean-up her Taree cafe after it was severely damaged by floods (pictured) Pictures posted to social media offer a glimpse inside the flood damaged Bohemian Café 'We will get out of this, but how long will our communities have to pay the penalty? This is going to cost this community hundreds of millions of dollars - how will we get the work done,' he said.  The mid-north coast was hit hard by flooding, with 15,000 residents ordered to evacuate low-lying areas, including Macksville, Port Macquarie, Lower Macleay and Kempsey. Another 100mm of rain is expected to fall across the region before Wednesday.   Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",486,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886085840,2021-03-23 01:31:07,"As Brackets Get Busted, Low Seeds Enjoy N.C.A.A. Tournament Attention",https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/22/sports/ncaabasketball/mens-ncaa-tournament-low-seeds-upsets.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by Four double-digit seeds reached the round of 16 in the men’s tournament. Send any friend a story Walking into the old, red-brick hangar, where 24 teams have played through the first weekend of this tournament amid the pandemic, the echoes of “Hoosiers” — “Let’s win this for all the small schools that never had a chance to be here” — are a little too rich to resist. “I was saving this one and I forgot to use it,” Tinkle said late Sunday night, after the 12th-seeded Beavers scored their second consecutive upset, knocking off No. 4-seeded Oklahoma State. “I said, we may be on Eastern time but the clock hasn’t hit midnight back in Corvallis. I forgot to throw that one at the guys.” This tournament, all being played in Indiana with 68 teams over a 19-day period, has been defined thus far by the coronavirus and Cinderella, befitting partners this year in the tournament some call the Big Dance. The disruptions wrought by the pandemic — the positive tests, ensuing pauses, canceled games and the overall uncertainty — that so influenced the regular season have not vanished with the snap of a pair of fingers. One game has been canceled and four teams have played short-handed because of positive tests, but more broadly the interruptions have also wiped away the continuity of a normal season, impeding the steady monthslong building toward a moment in March. The gaps in resources and talent between the Wisconsins and the Winthrops have been winnowed by the effects of a capricious virus. A record nine double-digit seeds reached the second round, and four will reach the round of 16, a number that has not been matched since 2011, and has not been exceeded since 1999 when five made it to the second weekend. The sum of the remaining seeds (94) is the highest ever in the round of 16, according to CBS Sports, exceeding the previous record of 89 set in 1986. Oral Roberts knocked off Ohio State and then followed it up with a comeback win over Florida, becoming the second 15th seed to advance this far. Loyola-Chicago comfortably dispatched its state’s flagship team, No. 1-seeded Illinois. Abilene Christian beat the Big 12 champion Texas and Ohio dumped the reigning champion Virginia before they were sent home on Monday. Then there are U.C.L.A. and Syracuse, both No. 11 seeds with rich histories in an uneven season that have found their footing. The Bruins beat Abilene Christian, 67-47, Monday to reach the round of 16 from the First Four. Oregon State is a different sort of darling. The Beavers are in a major conference, but have not reached the round of 16 since 1982. They were picked to finish last in the Pac-12 and are in Indianapolis only because they won the conference tournament, which started with them rallying from a 16-point deficit to beat U.C.L.A. in overtime. “Obviously teams respond to adversity differently,” Tinkle said on Monday. “With the missed summer, abbreviated fall and late start, a lot of teams hit their stride later than usual.” Thus far, little has seemed to disrupt top-ranked Gonzaga, which moved into the round of 16 on Monday with a 87-71 victory over pesky Oklahoma, which was playing without its second-leading scorer, De’Vion Harmon, who had contracted the virus last week. The Bulldogs, who improved to 28-0, are trying to become the first unbeaten men’s champion since Indiana in 1976. Gonzaga Coach Mark Few said that while finding a rhythm has been difficult at times, he praised his players who he suggested could probably handle being shipwrecked on a deserted island. Still, he acknowledged that the season “has been a long, hard slog to get to this point.” The players, of course, are not compensated for the burden that they are being asked to undertake this season. There is a love of the game, but they have been required to take virus tests daily since they began arriving in Indianapolis nearly a week before the tournament began. Once here, they have been restricted to their hotels except to practice, play and wander to a downtown baseball field to get some fresh air. Some have used the moment to protest against the N.C.A.A. depriving them of the right to make money off their fame, and to rail against the inequities between the men’s and women’s tournaments. Perhaps it is not a coincidence that the Big Ten, whose teams have been in their virtual lockdown here for nearly two weeks after arriving for the conference tournament, are down to one team — Michigan — after starting with nine. (Nor may it be happenstance that all five teams that entered the tournament with known virus cases are now done. Virginia Commonwealth never was able to play, and Kansas and Oklahoma on Monday joined Virginia and Georgia Tech, who were eliminated in the first round.) The weight of the restrictions, along with realization of a four-year journey with his teammates coming to an end, was too much to bear for Iowa’s all-American center, Luka Garza. When he came to the bench in the final seconds of the second-seeded Hawkeyes’ loss to Oregon on Monday, he buried his head on the shoulder of Coach Fran McCaffery. The sobbing, though, continued into the locker room and he later struggled to maintain his composure while speaking to reporters on a videoconference. “It’s heartbreaking,” Garza said. “It’s so surreal that it kind of just all hit me at once that this is the last time that I’ll put on this jersey.” The victory by Oregon was one of 17 by the lower-seeded team . The Ducks were playing their first game of the tournament, having been sent through to the second round because Virginia Commonwealth was forced to drop out because of several positive tests after it arrived here. As the tournament heads to the second weekend, the line is as blurred as ever between top dogs and underdogs, who if anything have been emboldened by the fight. Corvallis, Ore., isn’t the only place where midnight hasn’t arrived yet. “As I told the guys, we’re not going to let somebody put a number in front of our name and tell us that’s our worth or that’s our value,” Oral Roberts Coach Paul Mills said late Sunday night. “We are not capitulating to anybody here.” Advertisement ",1064,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886017745,2021-03-23 00:22:18,Two men are arrested for 'drugging and raping a woman who later died' while on spring break in Miami,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9390609/Two-men-arrested-drugging-raping-woman-later-died-spring-break-Miami.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 568 Two men have been arrested for allegedly drugging and raping a woman who later died in her hotel room while on spring break in Miami.  Englehardt's semi-naked dead body was found on the bed in her hotel room Thursday.  Investigators are now working to determine if her death was caused by the pill given to her by the two suspects.   24-year-old Christine Englehardt was reportedly given a 'green pill' before being raped then murdered  Evoire Collier, 21, (left) and Dorian Taylor, 24, (right) were arrested for allegedly drugging and raping a woman who later died in her hotel room while on spring break in Miami According to a police report, Collier told officers the two men met Englehardt at a local restaurant before giving her the drug as they walked along Ocean Drive.    Surveillance footage taken from the hotel lobby shows the two men entering the hotel with Englehardt at around 1 am Thursday. As they walked into the elevator in the building, the woman was staggering and Taylor was holding her from behind 'by the neck so she could stand', Miami Beach Detective Luis Alsina said in a court hearing Monday. Collier said he and Taylor each had sex with Englehardt and that Taylor raped her as she seemed to be unconscious, authorities said. Police said Englehardt was not able to have consented to sex with either of the two men while under the influence of alcohol and narcotics.  Collier and Taylor then stole her phone, cash and credit cards and left her unconscious in the room 'without any concern for her welfare or safety,' the police report said.   The two men were then captured on the hotel surveillance cameras leaving the building around an hour after they arrived.  They then allegedly went on a spree using the victim's cards at 'various locations' across Miami Beach including at liquor store South Beach Liquors.  Englehardt's semi-nude body was found on the bed in the hotel room Thursday and emergency services were called.  A cause of death is yet to be determined with the Miami-Dade Medical Examiner's Office carrying out further tests to learn if she died from an overdose from the pill given to her by the suspects, the Herald reported.  Englehardt's semi-nude body was found on the bed at a room at the Albion Hotel, Thursday  The two men, both from Greensboro, North Carolina, allegedly gave 24-year-old Christine Englehardt a 'green pill' and then took her back to her hotel in South Beach. Pictured Taylor in a court hearing Monday  The two men are accused of raping Englehardt, who was visiting from Pennsylvania, before stealing her phone, cash and credit cards which they then used as they carried on partying in the spring break hotspot. Collier in court Monday  Collier claimed he thought the pill they gave Englehardt was Percocet, a powerful pain reliever, but authorities are investigating the possibility it was a narcotic such as fentanyl.  It is not clear if she took the drug willingly or if she was spiked.  The net closed in on the suspects when police watched the surveillance footage.  Officers picked up Collier Saturday on Ocean Drive at Eighth Street where he was wearing the same pants in the footage, police said.   He allegedly had the woman's phone and the green pills in his possession at the time.   Collier and Taylor were both arrested and booked into a Miami-Dade jail Sunday.  They are facing charges of burglary with battery, sexual battery, petty theft and credit card fraud.  They could also face murder or manslaughter charges if tests show the drug they gave Englehardt played a role in her death.    Miami Beach officials have implemented an 8pm curfew and declared a state of emergency amid fears that the influx of partygoers will lead to both a surge in COVID-19 infections and unruly behavior. Revelers party in Miami Beach Saturday night  Authorities are facing allegations of racism after using pepper balls and sounds cannons on a largely black crowd Saturday night Collier and Taylor appeared in court Monday where a judge granted the prosecution's request that they remain in custody citing concerns they will leave the state if released.  They will be arraigned in a few weeks' time.    The shocking death of the 24-year-old comes as Miami officials are struggling to maintain control after an influx of partygoers flocked to the city in recent weeks to celebrate spring break.  Miami Beach officials have implemented an 8pm curfew and declared a state of emergency amid fears that the influx of partygoers will lead to both a surge in COVID-19 infections and unruly behavior.   Miami Beach police have arrested more than 1,000 people in the past month.  But authorities are facing allegations of racism after using pepper balls and sounds cannons on a largely black crowd Saturday night.  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",821,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886002391,2021-03-23 01:10:01,"10 killed, including officer, in Colorado supermarket shooting",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/boulder-colorado-shooting-king-soopers-supermarket-cbs-denver-latest/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886017744,2021-03-23 00:29:17,Jacinda Ardern reveals the standards needed for a travel bubble between Australia and New Zealand,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9390993/Jacinda-Ardern-reveals-standards-needed-travel-bubble-Australia-New-Zealand.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 113 Quarantine-free international travel to and from New Zealand could be happening within a month - but hinges on there being no Covid outbreaks in either country in the meantime. Kiwi Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said an announcement will be made on April 6, about the possible end of quarantine between the two nations. That announcement will list the conditions required for normalized travel - and the only deal-breaker appears to be Australia having a Covid outbreak in the intervening fortnight. From Monday, Australians are allowed to fly to New Zealand without requiring any travel exemption - but for the time being they must still undergo a 14 day quarantine. New Zealand Prime Minister says quarantine-free travel between Australia and NZ would be good for business, tourism and families - but it would be a case of 'flyer beware' From Monday, Australians no longer needed an exemption to travel to New Zealand, but still need to quarantine for 14 days Ardern said quarantine-free travel was a priority both for tourism - as few travellers would be prepared to isolate for two weeks - and associated businesses but also for 'reuniting friends and families'. 'We know what it would mean for people.' About 600,000 Kiwis live in Australia, and 75,000 Australians call NZ home.  Ardern said a key factor to quarantine-free travel beginning is both countries remaining clear of the virus, warning that New Zealand would 'shut down if we had or saw cases offshore'. 'If we want to maintain a situation where New Zealand does not have Covid, if there is an outbreak identified in Australia and they're not aware of the source it is very likely you would see us close down travel for a period of time until we can be confident about what is occurring.' That would probably leave travellers  'stranded' on either side of the Tasman Sea. Kiwi PM recognised reuniting families, as well as tourism, is a big reason for opening the borders. Nearly 600,000 Kiwis live in Australia and 75,000 Australians live in NZ Countdown to crossing the ditch for the weekend - the end of a 14 day quarantine would mean short trips to places like Wanaka in New Zealand (pictured) for a much-needed overseas break would be possible again 'On both sides of the ditch, to make this work, there will be an element of 'flyer beware',' Ardern said. Opening New Zealand's borders to Australia meant her country needed a clear response plan for outbreaks in Australia, including the Director General of Health, Dr Ashley Bloomfield, providing 'an up to date health assessment'. She also indicated Australians in New Zealand will need to comply with the Kiwi system, including accepting contact tracing and use of QR codes. The use of masks are still compulsory in New Zealand 'on all public transport and flights', according to the latest NZ Ministry of Health advice. It wasn't clear from Ardern's speech whether Australians would have to cover their own costs for self-isolation if they were part of a group where another person tested positive - as happened with Australian Open tennis players. But Ardern did say 'managed isolation costs' needed to be finalised, especially in relation to passengers in transit who were on flights ending up beyond Australia or New Zealand. The Kiwi PM also outlined a range of other administrative Covid response issues her nation needs to work through - including changes to the testing regime and an alert system that takes into account Australian states. She also said airlines and airports needed to be fully ready.  On Monday Kiwis changed to their emergency biosecurity laws, to say anyone who has been in Australia for at least 14 days can travel 'directly to New Zealand'.  Australians were previously required to apply for an exemption to cross the Tasman as part of the ban on travelling overseas.  'It is close,' Ms Ardern said in interviews to breakfast TV shows on TVNZ and Three on Monday morning. 'No one should expect at the end of the day there will be an opening (and) today is not the day you're going to get that final date and decision. Under changes to the emergency biosecurity laws made Monday, anyone who has been in Australia for at least 14 days can travel 'directly to New Zealand' 'But we do expect to be in a position to open up the bubble soon.' Australia's Prime Minister Scott Morrison and Ms Ardern first agreed on a trans-Tasman bubble in May last year. However a series of Covid-19 outbreaks and and changes in travel regulations had  forced delays to the restoration of pre-COVID travel arrangements. Still, Australia's three biggest states have opened their borders to Kiwi travellers. Ms Ardern said any opening would require travellers to take on a degree of risk in the event of an outbreak where they are visiting. 'It's very likely those New Zealanders would have to shelter in place,' she said. 'We have thousands of people who prior to COVID crossed the Tasman on both sides. We would not be in the position to repatriate thousands of New Zealanders to come back in a managed isolation arrangement.' Last month, Ms Ardern walked away from a pledge to open up the bubble by March, but the issue has gained a new prominence after the opposition shifted tack to support it. Last week, 42,000 Kiwis signed a petition backed by the National Party asking for the bubble to begin immediately. Ms Ardern denied politics was behind Labour's new-found enthusiasm for the policy. 'A petition doesn't make this decision. We make it based on health advice,' she said. Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",956,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886002387,2021-03-23 01:12:11,U.S. satellites detect missile’s flight path,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-u-s-satellites-detect-missiles-flight-path/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886017743,2021-03-23 00:32:45,NSW Floods: Retired couple watch as river overflows across from heritage home in McGraths Hill,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391179/NSW-Floods-Retired-couple-watch-river-overflows-heritage-home-McGraths-Hill.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 4 Susan and Joo Byun sat on their front porch on Tuesday morning, watching helplessly as a bevy of swans swam through the enormous lake across the road from their heritage listed house. They sipped their tea and took photos on their iPhones to show their friends and family. 'We don't normally have water views,' Susan explained. 'There are usually two tiny lakes across the road, and then lots of grass for the horses next door.' Susan Byun and her husband Joo stayed back at their heritage listed holiday home to watch as the floodwaters rose 'We don't normally have water views,' Susan explained. 'There are usually two tiny lakes across the road, and then lots of grass for the horses next door' The water was beginning to encroach on their property by Tuesday morning But the horses are gone, as are their neighbours, because the green grass has been replaced by floodwaters which are slowly encroaching on their 1830's home. The heritage home has stood untouched for 191 years.  They aren't allowed to make any changes to its structure. Not the handcrafted glass windows or the wooden panels that hold the tin roof in place. Susan and Joo can't rip up the front porch, which is slowly falling to pieces as rain soaks into the convict-laid concrete.  Normally they don't mind. They accepted the property as is when they purchased it in 2017 to use as a Sydney base when they wanted to get away from Canberra. They sipped their tea and took photos on their iPhones to show their friends and family An aerial view shows the damage already done to the property next door and how close it is to the Byun's home But now they're worried about what they do if the floodwaters continue to rise and if the grimy brown water soaks into their beloved little home.  'We don't have anything we love inside the house, but we won't be able to fix the house itself if it floods,' Susan explained. She doesn't think the home is insured for floods, but she said she 'didn't mind' when she bought the place because they were assured it would be safe. 'We were told ''there have only been floods once here in the last 100 years'',' Susan laughed as she pointed out to the rising waters beneath her. 'It looks like this is the next one.' The house next door, which is also heritage listed and even older than Susan and Joo's, is moments away from going under as water laps at its front door The couple said they have been praying the floodwaters start to lower. They pointed to faraway areas now covered in water and explained how quickly it has risen Both homes are heritage listed and structurally cannot be altered or changed The couple said they have been praying the floodwaters start to lower. They pointed to faraway areas now covered in water and explained how quickly it has risen. 'On Sunday we stood by a tree down in that corner. All of us neighbours. Now its gone. And cars could drive halfway down the road until Sunday afternoon.'  Now the road is blocked at the top of the hill and all of Susan and Joo's neighbours have left, seeking higher ground. Because the couple don't permanently reside in McGrath's Hill, they haven't been getting the emergency evacuation texts from emergency services like others have. The house next door, which is also heritage listed and even older than Susan and Joo's, is moments away from going under as water laps at its front door The two homes are almost entirely surrounded by water as of Tuesday morning They fled last night to ensure their car was safe, but walked back down to assess the damage and make their next decision. The home is entirely surrounded by water. Behind them, roads have turned to swamps. Beside them the house next door, which is also heritage listed and even older than Susan and Joo's, is moments away from going under as water laps at its front door.  The owners reportedly got away early as they had to move all of their horses and animals up to higher, safer grounds.   The couple were told the road was subject to flooding but that there hadn't been 'serious flooding' in 100 years The owners of the house next door reportedly got away early as they had to move all of their horses and animals up to higher, safer grounds Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",769,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886017742,2021-03-23 00:34:42,'I saw blood coming out of her head': Spa shooting survivor saw gunman shoot his masseuse,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391235/I-saw-blood-coming-head-Spa-shooting-survivor-saw-gunman-shoot-masseuse.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 4 A Georgia delivery driver has told of seeing his masseuse shot in the head and killed by the Atlanta spa gunman. Marcus Lyon, 31, was a first-time visitor at Young's Asian Massage in Acworth, a northwest suburb of Atlanta. The spa was the first of three that Robert Aaron Long, 21, targeted on Tuesday in what he said was retaliation for his sex addiction. Eight people, six of them Asian women, died - including Lyon's masseuse. Lyon went to the spa for treatment for his bad back. Marcus Lyon, a 31-year-old delivery driver, was at Young's Asian Massage in Acworth Tuesday The salon owner, Xiaojie Tan, 49, was among four people to die at her spa in the shooting Delaina Yaun, 33, who was at the spa for a massage, died in Tuesday night's rampage Xiaojie Tan, the owner of the spa, died in the shooting - on the day before her 50th birthday About two minutes into his massage appointment on Tuesday, he heard the first gunshots. 'We both stood up and looked around and heard that other gunshot,' Lyon told CNN's Briana Keilar. 'She was by the door. That's when I jumped behind the bed. 'Once she opened up that door, I heard the third gunshot, and she actually dropped. I'm pretty sure she got shot in her head. I wasn't even longer than two feet away from her. I see blood coming out of her head. 'I constantly heard more gunshots after that, and from there, you know, I heard a ringing bell on the door. 'I'm guessing the suspect ran out.' Ashley Zhang takes a moment before laying flowers at a makeshift memorial outside Young's Ashley Zhang and Lily Yang lay flowers at a makeshift memorial outside Young's Asian Massage Lyon told Keilar he had a handgun in his car, but by the time he ran outside it was too late. Three women - Delaina Ashley Yaun, 33, who was at the spa for a massage; Daoyou Feng, a 44-year-old massage therapist; and the spa owner, Xiaojie Tan, 49 - died at the spa, along with one man, Paul Andre Michels, 54, who had been doing maintenance work at the site. Lyon credited the unidentified masseuse with helping him survive the shooting. 'I felt like she kind of saved my life,' he said. Four more people, all Asian women - Hyun Jung Grant, 51; Soon Chung Park, 74; Suncha Kim, 69; and Yong Ae Yue, 63 - were later killed at two salons across the street from each other in Buckhead. Lyon said that he considers himself 'lucky' that he made it out alive from the massacre. 'I felt like my mom was watching over me,' he told 11Alive. 'She died of stage four colon cancer two years ago so I felt like she was watching over me or something. 'It was crazy. I really couldn't believe it.' Lyon spoke as the husband of one of the victims told how he had initially believed the spa attack was a robbery, with the gunman firing blanks.  Gwangho Lee, 38, said when he arrived at the Gold Spa in Atlanta last Tuesday after getting a text message about the shooting, he found his wife, 74-year-old Soon Chung Park, bleeding from her mouth and unresponsive.   Lee, who was told by Park's co-worker that she had fainted, attempted CPR but could not revive her.  Gwangho Lee, 38 (right), the husband of Atlanta spa shooting victim Soon Chung Park, 74 (left), said he was initially told the attack was a robbery and the intruder was shooting blanks   When Lee entered the Gold Spa in Atlanta last Tuesday, he found his wife lying unresponsive in the hallway with blood around her mouth  Robert Aaron Long, 21, has been accused of shooting and killing eight people, including six Asian women, at three Atlanta-area massage parlors  Long, the son of a youth minister who was said to be a customer at two out of the three targeted spas, told police that the attacks were not racially motivated, but had to do with his sex addiction, and his purported desire to eliminate the sources of his temptation.   Park, a native of South Korea, worked as a day manager and cook at the Gold Spa.  She was one of three women who were killed inside the business.   Park's son-in-law Scott Lee told the New York Times and the Washington Post that she had spent much of her life in New York and New Jersey, before moving to Georgia and starting a new life in the Gwinnett County suburb of Duluth with her husband.  Lee, a Lyft driver, told the Daily Beast he was already on the way to Gold Spa on Tuesday to pick up his wife's co-worker when the woman texted him about an apparent robbery, and urged him to 'send the police' and 'do it faster.'   An online fundraiser for the two sons of one of the eight people who were shot dead during last week's rampage targeting Atlanta-area massage parlors has drawn more than $2.77million.  Randy Park, 22, the son of Hyun Jung Grant, 51, launched the GoFundMe page on Friday, three days after police said Robert Aaron Long, 21, went on a shooting spree and killed seven women and a man at a trio of day spas.  Park wrote in the campaign's description that he was seeking donations, with an initial goal of $20,000, for 'basic living necessities' such as food, bills, and other expenses for him and his younger brother, who are now the only two members of his family living in the US.  A GoFundMe campaign that was launched on Friday by Randy Park, the son of shooting victim Hyun Jung Grant, has drawn more than $2,770,000 million in donations  'The rest of my family is in South Korea and are unable to come,' he wrote. 'She was one of my best friends and the strongest influence on who we are today. Losing her has put a new lens on my eyes on the amount of hate that exists in our world.'  By Saturday, the campaign had been shared over 66,000 times, with more than 64,300 people donating over $2,471,210. By Monday morning, the total reached $2,775,680.  The outpouring of support has prompted Park to write a lengthy update expressing his gratitude to his many well-wishers.  'I don't know how any word I write here will ever convey how grateful and blessed I am to receive this much support,' he wrote. 'To put it bluntly, I can't believe you guys exist.'  Park said that he has no time to grieve because he has to plan his mother's funeral and look after his brother while dealing with problems related to the family's housing situation and financial woes.  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",1141,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886017741,2021-03-23 00:35:45,Jack Dorsey's first tweet sells for $2.9M as NFT,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9390121/Twitter-boss-Jack-Dorseys-tweet-sold-2-9-million-NFT.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 266 Twitter boss Jack Dorsey's first tweet - 'just setting up my twttr' - has sold as an NFT for just over $2.9million.   The tweet in the form of a non-fungible token (NFT) - a kind of unique digital asset that has exploded in popularity so far in 2021 - was snapped up on Monday by Sina Estavi, the CEO of Malaysia-based blockchain company Bridge Oracle. It comes two weeks after Dorsey listed his famous first post from March 21, 2006, on a platform called Valuables, which auctions off tweets as NFTs.   Each NFT has its own blockchain-based digital signature, which serves as a public ledger, allowing anyone to verify the asset's authenticity and ownership. Valuables' parent company Cent confirmed the tweet-turned-NFT was sold to Estavi, who told Reuters he was 'thankful' when asked for comment about the purchase. It was bought using the cryptocurrency Ether, for 1630.5825601 ETH, which was worth $2,915,835.47 at the time of sale, Cent CEO and founder Cameron Hejazi said.  Twitter boss Jack Dorsey's first tweet sold as an NFT for just over $2.9million on Monday  Dorsey listed his famous first post (pictured) from March 21, 2006, on a platform called Valuables, which auctions off tweets as NFTs On March 5, Dorsey, who is a bitcoin enthusiast, tweeted a link to the website where the NFT was listed for sale.  He then said in another tweet on March 9 that he would convert the proceeds from the auction into bitcoin and donate them to people impacted by COVID-19 in Africa. Dorsey's tweet was purchased by Sina Estavi (pictured), the CEO of Malaysia-based blockchain company Bridge Oracle Minutes after Dorsey announced the sale the tweet was already receiving offers as high as $88,888.  Sun also recently won a charity bid to have dinner with Warren Buffett.   But Estavi ultimately came out on top when Dorsey closed his auction two weeks later.  Dorsey received 95 percent of the proceeds of the primary sale, while Cent received five percent.  On Monday he announced that he'd donated more than $2.787million-worth of Bitcoin to Give Directly's Africa fund.  Hejazi said that his platform allows people to show support for a tweet that goes beyond the current options to like, comment and retweet. 'These assets might go up in value, they might go down in value, but what will stay is the ledger and the history of ""I purchased this from you at this moment in time"" and that's going to be in both the buyer, the seller and the public spectators' memory,' he said, adding that this was 'inherently valuable'.  Dorsey tweeted a link to the website where the NFT was listed for sale on March 5. In a follow-up post he announced that he would be donating the proceeds from the NFT to an organization the helps fight COVID-19 in Africa On Monday Dorsey announced that he'd donated more than $2.787million-worth of Bitcoin to Give Directly's Africa fund What is a NFT? A Non-Fungible Token (NFT) is a unique digital token encrypted with an artist's signature and which verifies its ownership and authenticity and is permanently attached to the piece. What do they look like? Most NFTs include some kind digital artwork, such as photos, videos, GIFs, and music. Theoretically, anything digital could be turned into a NFT.   Where do you buy them? At the moment, NFTs are most commonly sold in so-called 'drops', timed online sales by blockchain-backed marketplaces like Nifty Gateway, Opensea and Rarible. Why would I want to own one?  There's an array of reasons why someone may want to buy a NFT. For some, the reason may be emotional value, because NFTs are seen as collectors items. For others, they are seen as an investment opportunity similar to cryptocurrencies, because the value could increase.   When were NFTs created?  Estavi was also rumored to be eyeing an NFT with one of Elon Musk's tweets last week, before the eccentric Tesla CEO turned down his $1.1million offer.   Musk had tweeted out a two-minute original song on March 15 that he claimed he was willing to sell to the highest bidder.  'I'm selling this song about NFTs as an NFT,' he stated above a clip of the dance track.  Lyrics from the song included: 'NFT for your vanity. Computers never sleep. It's verified. It's guaranteed.'  The tweet also featured a graphic of a trophy with the letters 'NFT' on top.   Musk's announcement quickly sparked a bidding war among moneyed tech aficionados who were hopeful of snapping up a digital artifact.   But just four hours later Musk announced he was rescinding his offer to sell the tweet, writing: 'Actually, doesn't feel quite right selling this. Will pass.'  Musk may have been inspired to sell an NFT by his partner, the musician Grimes, who netted nearly $6million in just 20 minutes by selling her digital artworks as NFTs earlier this month.  The 32-year-old musician sold 10 items from a collection called WarNymph that included dramatic illustrations of winged baby goddesses battling in apocalyptic skies.  NFTs - sometimes pronounced 'nifties' - are a unique digital token encrypted with  the creator's signature which verifies its ownership and authenticity and is permanently attached to the piece. The tokens are similar to cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum in that they live on blockchain networks - a decentralized, distributed ledger that records transactions of digital assets.  Estavi was also rumored to be eyeing an NFT with one of Elon Musk's tweets last week, before the eccentric Tesla CEO turned down his $1.1million offer While NFTs have been around for years, their popularity has grown rapidly this year thanks to a few sales with very high price tags.   Last month an artist named Pest Supply has netted more than $1million auctioning off his NFTs featuring Banksy-style graffiti, including one piece that sold for 60 Ethereum coins (ETH), or about $100,000.  On February 19, a one-of-a-kind digital rendition of the Nyan Cat meme sold for 300 ETH, or about $590,000, in an online auction.  And before that a man paid $208,000 for a NFT with a clip of LeBron James dunking through an auction by NBA Top Shot, which mints basketball highlights into NFTs.  The piece entitled 'Everydays - The First 5000 Days' comprises all of the works that an American digital artist known as Beeple has made over the course of 13 years.   The auction opened with bids of just $1 before the piece sold for a staggering $69million.  As the NFT craze continues to heat up investors have warned that the market could represent a price bubble doomed to burst.   Like many new niche investment areas, there is the risk of major losses if the hype dies down, while there could be prime opportunities for fraudsters in a market where many participants operate under pseudonyms.   Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",1147,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886017740,2021-03-23 00:50:24,Scott Morrison smashed by Labor as he's accused of leaking confidential harassment complaint,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391753/Scott-Morrison-smashed-Labor-hes-accused-leaking-confidential-sexual-harassment-complaint.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 91 Scott Morrison has come under fire from Labor as he was accused of leaking a confidential harassment complaint in a televised media conference.  The prime minister had called the press conference to express his disgust at reports of government staffers sharing lewd photos of sexual acts inside Parliament House, having sex with escorts and 'rent boys' in the premises, and using the prayer room for the same purpose. But in a heated exchange, he became defensive and revealed the complaint when Sky News political editor Andrew Clennell asked whether he had lost control of his ministerial staff.   'Right now, you would be aware in your own organisation, there is a person who has had a complaint made against them for harassment of a woman in a women's toilet,' Mr Morrison said.  His knowledge of the News Corp complaint comes despite him saying he wasn't aware of the alleged rape of media adviser Brittany Higgins on a minister's couch - 50m from his own office - for almost two years.  Labor MP Tanya Plibersek in Question Time asked whether Mr Morrison disclosing a confidential allegation live on air would discourage victims of harassment and sexual assault from coming forward.   Prime Minister Scott Morrison pictured during Question Time on Tuesday. He has hit back at criticism from Labor after he revealed a confidential harassment claim at media giant News Corporation during a televised press conference 'Is it any wonder victims of sexual assault and harassment in this building and around Australia are afraid of coming forward when the prime minister of this country uses a confidential complaint in a nationally televised media conference as a way to try to stop journalists asking questions about these important issues?' Ms Plibersek asked. Mr Morrison replied that he was only trying to highlight how the allegations rocking Canberra in recent weeks were not confined to the political world.  'These things that have been reported are disgusting and shameful,' he said during the debate on the floor of the House of Representatives. 'I was simply making the point - the problems we are experiencing in this country are not found simply in the offices of member for senators and ministers and go well beyond that.' Opposition leader Anthony Albanese also pressed Mr Morrison further on why he had not known about Ms Higgins' allegations for so long.  'If the Prime Minister was really listening to the concerns of women why hasn't he started by listening to the concerns of Brittany Higgins?' Mr Albanese said. '[Why hasn't he] asked his own staff what they knew and when about her reported sexual assault, only metres from his office?' In Tuesday's press conference, Mr Morrison had warned Clennell, a senior journalist, to 'be careful' when he questioned the prime minister's leadership.   Shadow Education Minister Tanya Plibersek pictured on Tuesday as she questioned whether Mr Morrison's decision to disclose the complaint would discourage victims of harassment and sexual assault from coming forward 'That matter is being pursued by your own HR department,' he said. 'So let's not, all of us who sit in glass houses here, start getting into that.' Clennell later revealed a senior government media adviser confirmed the prime minister was not referring to Sky News, and Sky said there was no investigation of any such matter.  The prime minister was asked how he did not know about the alleged rape of Brittany Higgins inside a ministerial office until this year, yet somehow knew of a private complaint in a media company. 'That was brought to my attention late last night, and the issue of Brittany Higgins was only brought to my attention on February 15,' he said. 'The suggestion was made by a member of the press gallery that things like this don't happen in the media, and I think that would be unfair.'  Mr Morrison was also asked whether he raised the alleged incident in the media against the wishes of the complainant, but provided no direct response.  The press conference took an angry turn when Sky News political editor Andrew Clennell (pictured) suggested Mr Morrison's job would be in jeopardy if he was the boss of a business and similar allegations had been made 'on your watch' The prime minister was earlier pressed on how he did not know about the alleged rape of Brittany Higgins inside a ministerial office in 2019 until this year. Ms Higgins is pictured at the Women's March 4 Justic in Canberra on March 15 Prime Minister Scott Morrison is pictured during a press conference on Tuesday. He disclosed an alleged case of sexual harassment at News Corporation when challenged by Sky News journalist Andrew Clennell Senior cabinet ministers who knew about the alleged rape of Ms Higgins have repeatedly claimed they did not escalate her complaint due to privacy concerns. Labor frontbencher Katy Gallagher was scathing of the prime minister's performance. 'Real leadership is what was needed this morning - but we got the same old PM - angry, defensive, spiteful and calculated,' she said. 'We are all let down by this PM.' Speaking after the press conference on Sky News, Clennell said he was 'gobsmacked' by the comments.   'He needs to clarify why he felt it was OK to breach the confidence of who might have made a complaint,' Clennell added.    This image shared by a whistleblower shows a man sitting at a desk in Parliament House exposing himself  Brittany Higgins at the March 4 Justice on March 15. She shocked Australia when she came forward with allegations she was raped by a male colleague in the office of Defence Minister Linda Reynolds  Brittany Higgins is pictured as she speaks at the Canberra Womens March 4 Justice on March 15 Before the heated clash with Clennell, Mr Morrison had choked back tears as he spoke about his daughters, wife and mother. 'They motivate me every day on this issue,' he said.  'And to them, I say to you girls, I will not let you down.'   A coalition staff member has been sacked for allegedly performing a lewd sex act inside the office of a female Liberal MP. 'I am shocked, and disgusted, it is shameful,' Mr Morrison said. 'We must get our house in order.' The prime minister will meet with all coalition staff later on Tuesday to discuss behavioural issues. Sex Discrimination Commissioner Kate Jenkins, tasked with an inquiry into workplace conditions in Parliament House, will address the coalition party room. 'We must put the politics aside of these things, and we must recognise this problem, acknowledgment, we must fix it. 'This has been a very traumatic month. It began with Brittany Higgins and her revelations of what took place in this very building. 'I remember that day very well, I was equally shocked and stunned at receiving that use also. 'These events have triggered, right across this building and indeed right across the country, women who have put up with this rubbish and this crap for their entire lives, as their mothers did, as their grandmothers did. 'It has been going on, we have been talking about it in this place for a month, they have been living with it for their entire lives. 'The women listening to me today know that to be true, so as much as it has been a topic of discussion here, and around the country specifically in relation to these disgraceful acts, it is something that has been the lived experience of Australian women for a very long time, and I welcome the spotlight that has now been placed on this. 'I acknowledge that many have not liked or unappreciated some of my own personal responses to this over the course of the last month, I accept that. 'Whether that was seeking to openly share how I try and deal with such dramatic events, people might like the fact I discuss these with my family, they are the closest people in my world to me. Prime Minister Scott Morrison and wife Jenny at the annual Mid Winter Ball at Parliament House in September 2019. He told his family emotionally during Tuesday's press conference: 'They motivate me every day on this issue' 'But is how I deal with things, I always have. I have grown up in a loving and supportive family, and I discussed this is my family and those who are closest to me - no offence was intended by me by saying that I discuss these issues with my wife. 'Equally, that is in no way indicated that these events had not already dramatically affected me already at that point. Equally, I accept that many were unhappy with the labels that are used on the day of the protest. No offence was intended by that either. 'I could have chosen different words, I have already explained those matters in the house. What I am even more concerned about, even more importantly, I acknowledge that many Australians, especially women, believe that I have not heard them, and that greatly distresses me. 'I have been doing a lot of listening over this past month, not for the first time, now is not the time for me to run over whether as a Minister for immigration or a Treasurer, or a Minister for Social Services, the keen interest I have shown in these issues, I'm not going to do that today. Brittany Higgins (pictured) went public with the allegation she was raped by a male colleague inside Defence Minister Linda Reynolds' office in 2019 'Particularly on these issues over the last because of mother I have been listening carefully, I have had many colleagues, I have had many friends and others that I have regular contact with, talk with me openly about the issues, other traumatic things that they have had to deal with over their lifetimes and members of their family. 'Let me tell you what I have heard. Women are too afraid to call out, bad behaviour for fear of losing a job for being intimidated in the workplace. 'That is not OK, it is not their fault, it is the environment we have allowed to be created. Women who are afraid to walk to their car from the train, and they carry their keys in their hand like a knife for fear of being attacked. That is not OK. That is not acceptable. 'In this country, our country as great as Australia, women walk daily that fear. I have heard that women are overlooked, talked over, by men, whether it is in board rooms, meeting rooms, rooms, media conferences, cabinets, or anywhere else. 'Overlooked and treated like they have nothing valuable to contribute. I have heard about being marginalised, women being intimidated, women being belittled, women being diminished, and women being objectified. That is not OK. 'I have heard that women, when offered a job, take the salary offered because they do not feel they can ask for more. Whereas the blokes do. And they get it. That is not OK. 'Whether this is unconscious deafness and blindness, or whether it is wilful malevolence that is behind all of this, it must be acknowledged, it must be called out, and it must stop. 'That is all our job, it is my job, it is my ministers jobs, it is my members and senators jobs, it is your job. 'This is not something that is of a scale that any government can simply change, it is something we must change as a society because we know it happens all over this country, but for me and my house, the house I work in here, then we must take responsibility, it is our problem here, it is our responsibility here, and I'm committed to dealing with that. 'We must do better in this place. All of us, and in our country we must do better. 'Now, forgive me this indulgence, I want women to have at least the same opportunities and the same voice and the same safety as men in this country. 'I have the deepest of vested interest, criticise me if you like for speaking about my daughters, but they are the centre of my life. My wife is the centre of my life. My mother, my widowed mother is the centre of my life. 'They motivate me every day on this issue. They have motivated me my entire life, they have taught me the values and the faith has sustains me every single day in this job. 'Which is why I am here, I owe them everything. And to them I say to you girls, I will not let you down. 'To the many other women who are in this place, who have shared their stories with me, I thank you for your feedback, your honesty, your support, your council, and your courage. 'I know there are plenty of women who work in this building today, whether they be members or senators, investors, shadow ministers, staff, journalists, who say why should I bother? Why should I bother? Why should I not just walk away? 'There has never been a more important time for women to stand in this place. 'I want to see more women in this place, I have done anything to get more women in this place and I intend to do more. I have put more women in my cabinet than any other Prime Minister has before, and I look forward to doing more. I need women to stand with me as we go about this, as we stand together, I needed that you stated this place, I need them to stand right where they are, I did that to continue to blaze the trail right here this place, by their courage and I call for question.' Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",2310,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886017739,2021-03-23 00:54:16,Germany's Chancellor Merkel blames Kent variant as she cancels Easter,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391639/Germanys-Chancellor-Merkel-blames-Kent-variant-cancels-Easter.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 1.4k Germany is going back into lockdown over Easter with Angela Merkel warning 'we are in a new pandemic' as mutant Covid strains cause cases to spike, with France seeing infections double in a week.  Europe's coronavirus third wave, which has been gathering pace for weeks now, has reached crisis point over the last few days with leaders across the continent forced to reimpose strict measures to keep cases down. Mrs Merkel announced last night that all non-essential shops in Germany will be closed over the Easter period with church services moved online and public gatherings banned as infections rise 'exponentially'. Meanwhile the head of France's hospital federation warned that case figures are 'exploding' in his country and the health system is heading for an 'unprecedented violent shock' in about three weeks unless strong action is taken. Frederic Valletoux spoke out after Prime Minister Jean Castex imposed tough measures on 16 French regions including the cities of Paris, Lille and Nice last week - measures which experts say do not go far enough.  Mrs Merkel last night pointed to the so-called Kent variant of coronavirus as being responsible, saying: 'Essentially, we have a new virus... it is much deadlier, much more infectious and infectious for much longer.' But Europe has also been blighted by a painfully-slow vaccine roll out that has seen just nine per cent of its population given at least one dose of vaccine, leaving the remaining 91 per cent vulnerable to infection.  By contrast, the UK has given first doses to 40 per cent of its total population and more than half of adults, and has seen virus deaths tumble to a five-month low and is in the process of easing lockdown In an effort to speed up France's vaccination drive, Emmanuel Macron today announced there will be 'a change of pace' in April and urged doctors to inoculate people 'morning, noon and night' with no breaks on weekends. He also invited those aged over 70 to schedule their vaccine appointments. Previously only those with underlying health conditions in that age bracket were allowed their jabs.  Macron spoke after Health Minister Olivier Veran announced the creation of 35 mass vaccination centres in sports stadiums, having until-now relied on community centres and doctors' surgeries.  European leaders are being forced to impose tough new lockdown measures to curb a rise in Covid infections driven by new and more-infectious variants of the virus, with Germany the latest to slam on the brakes  Angela Merkel last night ordered all shops across Germany to close over Easter with church services moved online to combat an 'exponential' rise in cases that is threatening to overwhelm health systems  Meanwhile French health experts have warned that lockdown measures imposed on 16 regions last week will not be enough to curb the country's third wave of infections, after cases doubled in a week Mrs Merkel (pictured centre with Bavarian State Premier Markus Soeder and Berlin Mayor Michael Mueller) said the new infections are being driven by the so-called Kent variant of Covid which is both more infectious and more deadly Meanwhile in Spain, experts have begun warning of a fourth wave of Covid after deaths from the virus rose to 633 on Monday compared to 298 a week ago.  The country is currently under a nationwide curfew and while exact measures vary from region to region, most have imposed curbs on movement, gatherings, and closed some businesses which will tighten over Easter. Covid cases and deaths also remain high in Italy where new lockdown measures were imposed across much of the country last week, although infection data has begun trending downwards since then. The new nationwide measures will come into force on April 1 - just weeks after some restrictions were eased - and end on April 5.  She added that Germany's current lockdown measures - including closures of restaurants, bars, cultural venues and leisure facilities - will be extended until at least April 18, having been due to expire on March 28.  Mrs Merkel pointed to an 'exponential' rise in Covid cases in Germany as the reason for the decision, and said it was caused by the more-infectious Kent strain of coronavirus which is now dominant in the country.  In France, virus expert and government adviser Arnaud Fontanet told BFM TV on Tuesday that more restrictions might also be necessary in his country if measures now in place fail to slow down the spread of the virus.  Official data on Monday showed that the tally of new COVID-19 cases in France had accelerated, with the number of people in intensive care at a new four-month high. France reported 15,792 new coronavirus cases on Monday, more than double the 6,471 reported last Monday and the highest number on a Monday since the peak of the second wave in early November. The country also registered 343 new deaths, pushing the official tally of fatalities to 92,621 - the eighth highest COVID-19 death toll in the world. Other European countries forced to tighten restrictions include Poland, Hungary, Bulgaria, Bosnia and Ukraine, where shops have been closed and people told to work from home if possible. The moves represent a hammer-blow to Europe's leadership which this time last year was being praised the world over for rapidly imposing strict lockdowns which initially kept virus cases and deaths down. But since unlocking during the summer last year the continent has stumbled from crisis to crisis, and now has one of the highest infection and death rates of any global region. Perhaps the most embarrassing episode has come in recent weeks as Europe's vaccine roll-out - masterminded by the EU - rapidly descended into chaos with supply delays and red tape slowing down supplies.  The EU has threatened to block millions of doses of AstraZeneca's Covid vaccine from coming to the UK after Britain streaked ahead in the race to inoculate its population An extraordinary row with drug-maker AstraZeneca, one of just two Western vaccine producers currently manufacturing jabs at scale, further hurt the roll-out and led last week to a host of countries temporarily suspending use of the jab over fears it causes blood clots. The ban was eventually lifted after Europe's own medical regulators, the EU itself, the World Health Organization and AstraZeneca provided data showing the jab is safe - but only after undermining public confidence in the jab. A survey released on Monday revealed that a majority of people in Germany, Spain and France now believe the injection is 'unsafe' while a growing percentage of Italians think the same. As a result people are now refusing to get the shot, with at least 7.2million doses of AstraZeneca sitting un-used in warehouses across Europe. Despite that, the EU is also threatening to block exports of the vaccine to the UK until it gets its fair share of doses, with a vote due on Thursday. France and Germany are thought to be strongly in favour of the move.  The tougher curbs were announced by Mrs Merkel in the early hours of Tuesday after a near 12-hour negotiating session with the leaders of Germany's 16 regions. The country's political system means it is these leaders who are ultimately responsible for imposing or lifting lockdowns.  Negotiations were gridlocked for several hours over the thorny issue of whether to allow domestic holidays to take place over the Easter school holidays. Some regional leaders had argued it made little sense to allow people to fly out to the Spanish island of Mallorca for their holidays while banning residents from taking overnight stays in their own state. But finally, the leaders agreed to 'appeal urgently to all citizens to refrain from non-essential travel within the country and also abroad - also with regard to the upcoming Easter holidays.' Berlin had also struck a deal with air carriers to ensure that all travellers returning to Germany would be tested, Merkel said. The chancellor added that Germany was 'in a race to vaccinate' as the country struggles to accelerate its inoculation campaign. Dogged by supply issues and mistrust over AstraZeneca's jab, Germany's vaccination campaign has been sluggish compared to the British or US programmes. On Tuesday, Merkel said she would support her former defence minister and current EU commission president Ursula von der Leyen's threat to block AstraZeneca vaccines produced in the bloc from being exported.  European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen has threatened to join forces with the French and German governments to hold hostage more than 19 million doses of the AstraZeneca vaccine due to be shipped to the UK over the coming weeks 'I support Commission President Ursula von der Leyen,' said Merkel. 'We have a problem with AstraZeneca,' she added. European officials are furious that AstraZeneca has been able to deliver its UK contract in full while falling short on its supplies to the EU. In her tough warning to the Anglo-Swedish pharmaceutical giant last Saturday, von der Leyen said: 'That's the message to AstraZeneca: you fulfil your contract with Europe first before you start delivering to other countries.'  Meanwhile ministers in the Netherlands and Belgium have also warned that measures may have to get stricter as cases spike.  Frank Vandenbroucke, the Belgian health minister, said on Monday that he is 'very worried' about the current situation in the country and warned that easing measures after Easter as currently forecast in now in doubt. At a meeting on Sunday, ministers agreed on additional measures to be imposed on schools if they are allowed to reopen in April as forecast. Another meeting has been scheduled for later this week, and Mr Vandenbroucke has refused to rule out imposing yet more measures. 'I am very worried. In the coming days we have to see what is happening and what we must do,' he said. Ministers in the Netherlands also met on Sunday to discuss a possible easing of lockdown measures, but concluded that 'pressure on the system is too high' to allow even a partial return to normality. Reopening universities and outdoor dining, which had been due to kick in from March 31 will likely not take place, De Telegraaf reported. Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",1708,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886091883,2021-03-23 03:38:48,Feds Question AstraZeneca Vaccine Data In Unusual Late-Night Statement,https://www.huffpost.com/entry/astrazeneca-covid19-vaccine-data_n_60599898c5b66a80f4ea5434,en,False,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"A company spokesman said Tuesday it was “looking into it.” Even before this latest stumble, AstraZeneca had made missteps in reporting data and faced a blood clot scare. Health officials worried that those past issues could cause lasting harm to the shot that is key to global efforts to stop the pandemic and undermine vaccine confidence more broadly. “The way they handled their data early on, AstraZeneca basically shot themselves in the foot,” Julian Tang, a virologist at the University of Leicester, said even before the latest issue arose. “Even though the new study confirms what we previously thought about the vaccine’s efficacy, people may have lingering doubts,” he said. “Unfortunately, that might mean more people will die of COVID.” Britain was the first to authorize the vaccine in December, based on partial results from the U.K., Brazil and South Africa. Those results suggested the shot was about 70% effective but were clouded by a manufacturing mistake the researchers didn’t immediately acknowledge. Insufficient data about how well the vaccine protected older people also led some countries including Germany and France to initially restrict its use to younger populations before reversing course. In the U.S., officials suspended AstraZeneca’s study in 30,000 Americans for an unusual six weeks last fall, as frustrated regulators sought details about neurological problems reported in Britain; ultimately there was no evidence the vaccine was to blame. He expressed hope it “puts to bed any doubts.” Instead, in the early hours of Tuesday, the Data and Safety Monitoring Board experts from the U.S. National Institutes of Health said they were concerned by the information released. “We urge the company to work with the DSMB to review the efficacy data and ensure the most accurate, up-to-date efficacy data be made public as quickly as possible,” it said. Even if the company clears up the misunderstanding — and it’s not yet clear what the U.S. experts are asking for exactly — it could have a lasting impact. Tang noted the decades-old controversy over the measles vaccine as a cautionary tale. “There was absolutely no evidence to prove the (measles, mumps and rubella) vaccine caused autism,” he said. But despite the retraction of the paper that made that claim, Tang said some people still worry about the vaccine. He said AstraZeneca’s issues may be even tougher to overcome “because every week it seems like there’s some new concern.” Last week, more than a dozen countries temporarily halted their use of the AstraZeneca shot, after reports of rare blood clots in some people who received it. The European Medicines Agency concluded the shot was not responsible, but even though its investigation was standard procedure when unusual side effects are detected, the process inadvertently drew more unwelcome attention to the company. In Norway, a top official warned on Monday it might not be able to resume its use of the AstraZeneca vaccine because so many people were rejecting it. “People clearly say that they do not want the AstraZeneca vaccine,” Marte Kvittum Tangen, who heads a Norwegian doctors’ association, told broadcaster NRK. Last week in Bucharest, Romania, vaccination coordinator Valeriu Gheorghita said 33,000 AstraZeneca immunization appointments had been canceled in 24 hours and that about a third of the 10,000 people scheduled to receive the vaccine did not show up. In Belgrade, Serbia, a sprawling exhibition center set up for people to get the AstraZeneca vaccine was mostly deserted on Monday. “This is unfortunately more about perception than it is the science,” said Dr. Bharat Pankhania, an infectious diseases specialist at Britain’s University of Exeter. “We have now seen, on several parameters, that the AstraZeneca vaccine provides protection and is safe,” he said. “But the narrative for the public has not been as clear,” he said, criticizing politicians for undermining confidence in the vaccine without evidence. France is a prime example of the confusion. French President Emmanuel Macron initially suggested the vaccine wasn’t effective for older people, before backtracking. But then France only authorized AstraZeneca’s vaccine for use in adults 65 and under, citing a lack of data. Then the government changed its mind, based on new data, and said it’s fine for all adults and started singing its praises. Then came the blood clot reports and the government suspended use of the vaccine all together. When France restarted AstraZeneca, it for anyone under 55. The whiplash-inducing messages come at a time when France — like much of continental Europe — is seeing a spike in cases that is close to overwhelming its hospitals and prompting threats of new lockdowns. Vaccine rollouts have also been slow in many European Union countries, as compared to those in Britain and the United States. The European Commission has often blamed AstraZeneca for troubles with the vaccination drive, expressing outrage over repeated delayed deliveries — and threatening to ban exports of vaccines outside the bloc. But messy logistics have also played a role. The tepid support for the AstraZeneca vaccine in Europe stands in contrast to the position of governments in developing countries, which are desperate for supplies. Dr. Bruce Aylward, a senior adviser at the World Health Organization, said the U.N. agency has a long list of countries “very keen” to get the shot as soon as possible. “We simply cannot get enough of it,” he said. “If the U.S. regulator looks at this data and authorizes AstraZeneca, that will carry a lot of weight,” said Jimmy Whitworth, a professor of international public health at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine. AstraZeneca said it would be submitting its data to the FDA within weeks. At a vaccination center in Lisbon, 68-year-old Rui Manuel Martins dismissed any concerns about the AstraZeneca shot, saying millions had been immunized with very few ill effects. “There’s always some cases of people rejecting any medications,” he said before receiving his first dose. “It’s better to be vaccinated rather than not.” __ Jan M. Olsen in Copenhagen, Angela Charlton in Paris, Stephen McGrath in Bucharest, Romania, Jamey Keaten in Geneva, Dusan Stojanovic in Belgrade, Serbia, Helena Alves in Lisbon, Samuel Petrequin in Brussels and Lauran Neergaard in Washington contributed to this report. A HuffPost Guide To Coronavirus ",1028,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886093862,2021-03-23 02:31:48,'The last 12 months has taken a huge toll on us': Frustration rises in the UK amid lockdowns and loss,https://www.cnbc.com/2021/03/23/coronavirus-uk-one-year-on-frustrations-and-protests-mount.html,en,False,,1755,CNBC,http://www.cnbc.com/,"LONDON — When the first coronavirus lockdown was imposed across the U.K. exactly a year ago, most would have struggled to conceive that, 12 months on, restrictions on public and private life would still be in place. With that now a reality, there are increasing signs that the British public are growing frustrated with the constraints, with anti-lockdown protests hitting the capital at the weekend. Although the U.K. has laid out a roadmap for the lifting of restrictions, with the government aiming to ease most Covid curbs by June 21, there have been smoke signals over the last few days that the government doesn't expect normal life to resume even then. Government ministers, and health experts advising them, have made a number of comments suggesting that summer vacations are now ""highly unlikely"" given the situation in other parts of Europe where coronavirus cases are rising due to new variants of the virus. The government has also signaled it wants to extend its authority to reverse any easing of measures and, thanks to support from the opposition Labour party, is expected to receive approval to extend emergency powers until October, despite a group of lawmakers within the ruling Conservative Party describing the move as ""authoritarian."" Combine these factors and a summer of freedom for the U.K. public is starting look more unlikely, potentially setting the stage for more public discontent as Brits become desperate to return to ""normality."" Especially as the vaccine rollout continues at pace; on Saturday, a record-breaking combined total of 844,285 first and second doses were given to those in line for the shot, up from 711,157 people receiving a vaccine dose on Friday. March 23 is the first anniversary of Prime Minister Boris Johnson's announcement to the British public that the country would go into lockdown, with the government implementing unprecedented measures in peacetime that were designed to stop the spread of the coronavirus that had first emerged in the then-largely unheard of Chinese city, Wuhan, in December 2019. Then, when Johnson made the first ""stay-at-home"" announcement, one that citizens have now become used to, the U.K. had reported a daily jump in the number of deaths caused by the virus, with 335 fatalities over 24 hours with hospitals and health care staff grappling to understand Covid-19 and effective treatments. Fast forward a year and the U.K. has the ignominious position of having recorded the fifth-highest number of coronavirus cases in the world, after the U.S., Brazil, India and Russia, according to a tally from Johns Hopkins University. To date, the U.K. has reported over 4.3 million infections, and over 126,000 deaths — the fifth highest number of deaths globally after the U.S., Brazil, Mexico and India. A minute's silence will be held in the U.K. on Tuesday to reflect on the deaths caused by the virus.  Prime Minister Boris Johnson said in a statement that ""the last 12 months has taken a huge toll on us all, and I offer my sincere condolences to those who have lost loved ones."" He added that the country had shown ""great spirit shown by our nation over this past year."" The reasons behind the higher death toll in the U.K., compared to its continental counterparts in mainland Europe, are manifold but underlying factors include a higher rate of obesity, preexisting health conditions and socio-economic factors. The government, for its part, has come in for intense criticism that it locked down too late, failed to implement border controls and checks on incoming travelers to the U.K., did not adequately protect health care workers and presided over an inadequate test and trace system still considered sub-par. In sum, it's been accused of not being prepared for a pandemic, and for mismanaging one when it arrived. One bright spot, and a saving grace, has been the U.K.'s highly-regarded scientific community which has been at the forefront of research into the virus, its effects and trials looking at the best way to combat it. In June 2020, for example, U.K. health experts led by the University of Oxford discovered that a low-cost steroid treatment, Dexamethasone, could greatly lower the risk of death when given to the most critically-ill Covid patients. In January, the AstraZeneca vaccine was added to the arsenal and the vaccination program went from strength to strength, surprising even the most cynical Brits and winning the country's heath experts and National Health Service plaudits for the bold decision-making, and a well-managed rollout. Unlike other countries in Europe, who erroneously questioned the AstraZeneca vaccine's efficacy in the over-65s, the U.K. went ahead with mass immunizations with the elderly and health care workers prioritized. Health experts also took the view (criticized at the time but now replicated in other countries) that the gap between the first and second doses of the coronavirus vaccines being deployed should be elongated up to 12 weeks in order to offer more initial protection to more people. There is palpable restlessness among members of the public — particularly those opposed to lockdown in the first place — as well the business community, for society to reopen. Anti-lockdown protests in London last weekend attracted several thousand demonstrators who chanted ""Freedom!"" as they marched through the capital. Later, scuffles between the police and demonstrators led to over 30 arrests. So, when it comes to the vaccine, it has been a case of ""so far, so good."" The U.K. has seen the benefit with the number of new cases, hospitalizations and deaths steadily decreasing. The speed of the rollout has been seen as critical, at a time when new variants of the virus have emerged and threatened to potentially undermine the positive effects of the vaccines. Mainland Europe is seeing the ramifications of its perhaps understandably slower rollout given the fact that the EU chose to order vaccines as a bloc and, crucially, ordered later than the U.K. and U.S. As well as slower supplies and production issues, the EU has had to contend with vaccine hesitancy, which is not prevalent in the U.K., and bureaucracy, again a factor not so much of an issue in Britain where the health care service is largely a joined-up and well-connected centralized system. But this week the U.K. faces a potential challenge to its rollout if EU leaders, meeting virtually Thursday, decide to block exports of Covid vaccines made in the bloc to countries, like the U.K., that are further ahead in their immunization programs. Delays could cost Britain its so-far successful rollout, and citizens their liberties, although the government has so far said it still plans to have offered a first dose of a vaccine to all adults by July 31. Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. ",1172,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886093589,2021-03-23 02:56:19,Florida Rep. Matt Gaetz told Fox News he let his adopted son Nestor go on spring break to COVID hotspot Panama CIty,https://www.businessinsider.com/matt-gaetz-told-fox-news-he-let-his-adopted-son-go-on-spring-break-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. Florida lawmaker Matt Gaetz said that he had allowed his adopted son Nestor Galban to go on spring break on Panama City Beach to make up for not being allowed to go to prom or having a ""real graduation.""  ""I allowed him to have an abbreviated one,"" Gaetz added.  ""I did not have a good night's rest the entire time he was there until I knew he was safe, OK, and back at school."" Panama City is also barring large gatherings of more than 125 people, and anyone caught on the beach with alcohol could face a $500 fine or a jail term.  Apart from struggling to implement COVID pandemic health regulations, other parts of the US are also grappling with how to manage huge crowds of spring breakers. Gaetz, 38, adopted Galban in 2013 when he was 12. Galban is the younger brother of one of Gaetz' ex-girlfriends.    
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",271,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886091702,2021-03-23 03:43:40,Covid-19: Vaccines and vaccine passports being sold on darknet,https://news.yahoo.com/covid-19-vaccines-vaccine-passports-060358407.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886093857,2021-03-23 03:42:55,U.S. health agency casts doubt over AstraZeneca's Covid vaccine trial data,https://www.cnbc.com/2021/03/23/covid-us-health-agency-casts-doubt-over-astrazeneca-vaccine-data.html,en,False,,1755,CNBC,http://www.cnbc.com/,"In this article The announcement came just one day after the findings of a large U.S. trial showed that the vaccine was safe and highly effective and throws into question whether AstraZeneca can seek U.S. clearance for the vaccine next month as planned. ""We urge the company to work with the DSMB to review the efficacy data and ensure the most accurate, up-to-date efficacy data be made public as quickly as possible."" The NIAID said it was notified of the concerns late Monday, along with AstraZeneca and the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority. Led by White House chief medical advisor Dr. Anthony Fauci, the NIAID is part of the National Institutes of Health. Fauci told ABC News' ""Good Morning America"" on Tuesday that the Oxford-AstraZeneca shot is ""likely a very good vaccine."" However, he added, the DSMB became concerned that the data in AstraZeneca's public statement ""were somewhat outdated and might, in fact, be misleading a bit."" In response, AstraZeneca said that the figures published Monday ""were based on a pre-specified interim analysis with a data cut-off of 17 February."" Shares of AstraZeneca slipped nearly 1% during Tuesday trading in London and were down 2% in premarket trading in New York. AstraZeneca said it planned to prepare for the primary analysis to be submitted to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for emergency use authorization before mid-April. Data from the late-stage human trial study was based on more than 32,000 volunteers across 88 trial centers in the U.S., Peru and Chile. ""It is not unknown for a DSMB to disagree with investigators over interpretation of trial results,"" said Stephen Evans, professor of pharmacoepidemiology at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine. ""It is usually done in private, so this is unprecedented in my opinion,"" he added. ""It does not leave me concerned particularly unless they had found a safety issue that was being hidden, which does not appear to be the case."" The rollout of the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine had been halted in several countries after reports of blood clots in some vaccinated people. Health experts sharply criticized the precautionary measure, citing a lack of data, while analysts expressed concern about the impact on vaccine uptake as the virus continues to spread. Germany, France, Italy and Spain are among those to have resumed use of the shot after Europe's drug regulator said its initial investigation of possible side effects concluded the shot is safe and effective, adding the benefits of administering the vaccine still outweigh the risks. AstraZeneca said Monday that the independent DSMB had found no increased risk of blood clots. ""So, that gives us a lot of confidence,"" he added. Analysts at U.S.-based health care and biotech investment bank SVB Leerink said at the time that they believed the vaccine would ""never be licensed in the U.S."" AstraZeneca pushed back against the criticism, saying the studies ""were conducted to the highest standards"" and that more data would follow. Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. ",554,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886097482,2021-03-23 03:53:14.564248,"Maryland gets outclassed by Alabama, sees its season end in the NCAA tournament’s second round",https://www.washingtonpost.com/sports/2021/03/22/maryland-alabama-ncaa-tournament/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_homepage,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"Each of Alabama’s 16 three-pointers, often scored early in the shot clock, turned into demoralizing blows that Maryland’s usually formidable defense could do little to stop. Even with one of Maryland’s better offensive performances, the Terps could not keep up. “We had no answers tonight,” Coach Mark Turgeon said. “We really had no answer.” Alabama, the No. 2 seed in the East Region, plays with one of the fastest tempos in the nation, and for Maryland, Monday’s game unraveled at a similar speed. The Terps fell behind, facing an eight-point deficit at halftime, and then Alabama’s lead rapidly ballooned during a dominant stretch early in the second half. The Crimson Tide had already asserted its dominance from the three-point line, but Maryland trailed by just nine with 17:50 left. The climb back for the Terps would have been daunting but not impossible. At that point, the path to the Sweet 16 hadn’t disappeared. Scores and analysis from Monday’s second-round games But then, as Alabama sped down the court on every possession, the Crimson Tide generated a 14-0 run in less than two minutes. On four straight possessions, an Alabama player hit a shot from behind the arc, including three in transition. After that, the Terps never had a chance. “Were we a little out of kilter, a little bit out of it? Yeah,” Turgeon said. “And I think it kind of took our mojo a little bit when they just kept making them. Start of the second half, it just felt like everything they threw up went in.” Jahvon Quinerly “controlled the whole game,” Turgeon said of the quick sophomore guard who finished with 14 points and 11 assists off the bench. Jaden Shackelford, another sophomore guard, led the Crimson Tide with 21 points, including a 5-for-8 clip from deep. He had the final two three-pointers during the burst early in the second half that essentially put the game away. Alabama attempts more three-pointers per game (nearly 30) than any other team in Division I, and it averages 10.5 makes. When Alabama struggled but ultimately survived for a 68-55 win over No. 15 seed Iona in the first round, the Crimson Tide made only five shots from deep on 16 attempts. But from the start Monday, Alabama showed no signs of struggling: It shot 53 percent from the field, including 48.5 percent (16 for 33) from three-point range. The Terps dealt with matchup issues during the Big Ten season because of their lack of a low-post scorer, but the Crimson Tide plays with a smaller lineup that mirrors Maryland’s group. That didn’t help the Terps on Monday night. Maryland has length and athleticism, but the Terps could not match Alabama’s prolific attack. “It’s definitely something we haven’t seen before,” Morsell said of Alabama’s sharp shooting. The Terps didn’t play poorly; they shot 53.3 percent from the field with only eight turnovers. Maryland even built a seven-point advantage early, but the Crimson Tide’s fast pace means those leads can be quickly erased, especially when its perimeter shots are falling. At the 13-minute mark of the first half, with Maryland ahead by six, Turgeon brought his three bench rotation players onto the floor. When those reserves — senior forward Galin Smith, junior forward Jairus Hamilton and senior guard Reese Mona — took on Alabama’s deep roster, the Crimson Tide powered ahead. Turgeon finally called a timeout with 8:51 left, taking Smith and Mona out of the game, but Maryland already trailed by five. “We are who we are,” Turgeon said. “Certain teams we could match up with and really guard and figure out how to win games. And certain teams that were elite, like Alabama was tonight, was tough for us. We couldn’t sub. I subbed in that first half, and the game got away from us.” During a seven-minute stretch of the first half, the Crimson Tide made five three-pointers, which pushed the Terps into their first deficit. From there, the Terps played from behind. They didn’t attack the rim much, and they went the entire half without attempting a free throw. Maryland instead attempted 12 three-pointers, making only four, during the final 10 minutes before the break. Maryland opens NCAA women’s tournament with 53-point blowout of Mount Saint Mary’s Hamilton was the only bench player who offered meaningful contributions; he scored five points, all in the first half. This matchup exposed Maryland’s lack of depth. After the Terps faced a 46-38 deficit at halftime, Hamilton was the only reserve who played until the game’s final minute, when Turgeon subbed in a batch of players so they could make their first NCAA tournament appearances. Junior guard Aaron Wiggins led the Terps with a career-high 27 points on 11-for-17 shooting and three others finished in double figures, but that couldn’t match the Crimson Tide’s offensive firepower. When they reached the locker room, Turgeon told his players not to let this result ruin what they had accomplished during the season, one that could have spiraled into disarray months ago. “Everybody counted us out this whole year,” said Morsell, who will need shoulder surgery after playing through an injury this season. He later added, “I think we’ll go down in my record books as the grittiest team ever to put on that Maryland jersey.” The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",897,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886100363,2021-03-23 03:50:00,U.S. Health Officials Raise Concerns Over AstraZeneca Vaccine Data,https://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-health-officials-raise-concerns-over-astrazeneca-vaccine-data-11616485793?mod=pls_whats_news_us_business_f,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,WSJ Membership Customer Service Tools & Features Ads More Dow Jones Products ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886098995,2021-03-23 01:15:27,"Colorado grocery shooting: Slain Boulder officer acted heroically, chief says",https://www.today.com/news/colorado-grocery-shooting-slain-boulder-officer-acted-heroically-chief-says-t212590,en,False,,25499,NBC News,http://www.nbcnews.com,"Sections Shows More Follow today More Brands The Boulder, Colorado, police officer killed while responding to a shooter at a grocery store was the first officer on the scene Monday afternoon after reports of gunfire, the police chief said. Calls came into the police department around 2:30 p.m. local time (4:30 p.m. ET), about shots in the area and ""a possible person with a patrol rifle,"" Herold said. She called Talley's actions heroic and praised as heroic the actions of the law enforcement officers from many agencies who responded to Monday's mass shooting. Tally has been with the Boulder Police Department since 2010. Homer Talley said his son took his job as a police officer very seriously. Eric Talley had seven children and the youngest is 7 years old, his father said. ""He loved his kids and his family more than anything,"" he said. “He was by all accounts one of the outstanding officers of the Boulder Police Department, and his life was cut far too short,” Boulder County District Attorney Michael Dougherty said. No motive, if one is known, has been disclosed. Herold said the investigation was complex and would take no less than five days to complete. ""Our hearts of this community go out to the victims of this horrific incident,"" Herold said. Shock and grief were expressed by people across the nation Monday. ""These were people going about their day, doing their food shopping, and their lives were cut abruptly and tragically short by the shooter who is now in custody,"" Dougherty said. “Our state grieves tonight as we mourn ten more Coloradans senselessly killed by gun violence — including police officer Eric Talley,"" Hickenlooper said. ""Our thoughts are with the victims' loved ones, and we are grateful to the frontline workers and first responders whose bravery saved lives."" © 2021 NBC UNIVERSAL ",306,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886093579,2021-03-23 03:00:00,We got an exclusive look at the pitch deck that Polish AR furniture startup Tylko used to raise $26.2 million,https://www.businessinsider.com/tylko-polish-ar-furniture-startup-raises-26-million-from-vc-investors-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. Polish augmented reality startup Tylko has raised $26.2 million in Series C funding. Tylko offers modular-style customizable furniture, and allows users to see what pieces would look like in situ via its AR app. The startup claimed to see sales rise by 132% through the pandemic.  ""2020 was crazy,"" Tylko CBO and cofounder Benjamin Kuna told Insider in an interview. ""Initially we saw a big decrease in sales but in April that reversed to a more than anticipated increase in demand. We went from a fight for survival to a mode of extended capacity selling more stock."" Tylko offers plywood and veneer products as well as further options for customers to customize and configure anything from TV stands to bookcases. The funding will go towards increasing the businesses' 140-strong design and tech teams and expanding its product suite.  The firm is keen to stress its environmental credentials, saying it offers recyclable and plastic-free packaging and quality products which last to eliminate what Kuna calls ""fast furniture,"" similar to fast fashion where items are cheap and disposable.  The Series C investment round was led by Israel-based Pitango Growth and Finnish Evli Growth Partners. Additionally, Brian Walker, former CEO of Hermann Miller, and Mark Williamson, COO of US-based MasterClass, joined the round as new investors alongside existing backers TDJ Pitango and Experior Venture. ""It was a difficult funding because we never had a physical meeting with investors,"" Kuna added. ""But in a way it was good because remote fundraising levels the playing field for us in Warsaw to speak to more investors like a local."" Funding conversations began last June before closing in late December. Check out Tylko's Series C pitch deck below: 
                            For you
                           ",346,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886098988,2021-03-23 01:19:21,Willie Nelson teams up with pro sports leagues in new PSA for COVID-19 vaccine,https://www.today.com/health/willie-nelson-teams-sports-leagues-psa-covid-19-vaccine-t212559,en,False,,25499,NBC News,http://www.nbcnews.com,"Sections Shows More Follow today More Brands Willie Nelson hopes to see you again really soon. In a newly released spot, Nelson sings while images of people and athletes at games and matches splash on the screen. There’s Los Angeles Angels superstar Mike Trout signing autographs for throngs of fans, while a Seattle Seahawks game is packed to the gills. New York Mets slugger Pete Alonso bashes a home run, the gallery goes crazy when golfer Jordan Spieth wins the 2017 Travelers Championship, and fireworks go off over New Jersey’s MetLife Stadium, hammering home the point of how much joy we get by seeing sports in person. “The COVID-19 vaccines are here,” reads a message on the screen as the spot closes. “We’ll see you soon."" “In the song, I sing, ‘I'll be seeing you in all the old familiar places,’ and that’s exactly what I hope these PSAs will help do: help get Americans informed about the vaccines and one step closer to the people and moments we miss,” Nelson said in a statement. “I’m happy to be part of this new campaign with the Ad Council, COVID Collaborative and these sports organizations to empower millions more to get the answers they need and feel confident in getting vaccinated, like I did.” “Sports and sports moments hold a special place in the hearts of millions of people across our country and, regardless of who you’re rooting for, we’re all looking forward to getting back to the arenas, stadiums and moments we miss,” said Lisa Sherman, president and CEO of the Ad Council. “We’re grateful for the extraordinary collaboration and commitment from all of our partner leagues and organizations and Willie Nelson for lending his voice to these powerful PSAs. We know this work will inspire Americans and encourage them to get the latest information on the COVID-19 vaccines.” Ad Council commissioned research performed by Ipsos that found that approximately 40% of Americans are undecided about getting the vaccine. “Sports bring us together as a people. Having this extraordinary collection of sports leagues and organizations, together with the voice of Willie Nelson, on our team will help us educate more Americans about the COVID-19 vaccines, get the information they desperately need to make their choice to get a vaccine, and move us closer to enjoying our favorite sporting events in person,” said John Bridgeland, co-founder and CEO of the COVID Collaborative. Nelson joins a long list of celebrities who’ve appeared in PSAs or commercials related to the coronavirus. Drew Weisholtz is a reporter for TODAY Digital, focusing on pop culture, nostalgia and trending stories. He has seen every episode of “Saved by the Bell” at least 50 times, longs to perfect the crane kick from “The Karate Kid” and performs stand-up comedy, while also cheering on the New York Yankees and New York Giants. A graduate of Rutgers University, he is the married father of two kids who believe he is ridiculous. © 2021 NBC UNIVERSAL ",496,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886093564,2021-03-23 03:00:00,"Infiniti's new chief lays out his grand plan to revive the flailing luxury brand, whose sales have dropped 50% since 2017",https://www.businessinsider.com/infiniti-new-chief-plan-to-revive-the-luxury-brand-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. Peyman Kargar has a big new job. Appointed in June of 2020 as the chairman of Nissan's up-market Infiniti line, he has taken the helm of a brand in free-fall. Since 2017, Infiniti has seen its sales decline by 50%, one of the steepest plummets in recent automotive history. Last year, the brand sold just 79,000 vehicles in America. Lexus sold 275,000 and increased their market share by nearly 7%. Even Buick sold 162,000 cars. Ford sells about 79,000 F-series pickups every month. But when we asked Kargar if the brand was in a troubled position, he denied it. ""I wouldn't say in trouble,"" he said. ""I would say Infiniti is not giving the maximum of its potential."" Clarifying further, he claimed that the brand wasn't thriving for one simple reason. ""We didn't bring enough new products to our customers.""    This seems like a major issue for a company that's business is selling new cars, especially ones that should exhibit the leading edge of technology and engineering; systems developed for high-end Infinitis should trickle down into mainstream Nissans. Moreover, the marque's identity seems murky. ""If you think about Infiniti fifteen years ago, the brand message was pretty clear. It was trying to be a Japanese BMW. Performance-oriented, handling-oriented,"" said Ed Kim, vice president of industry analysis for automotive research firm AutoPacific. ""Over the past decade, the Infiniti lineup has pulled away from this positioning, and it has moved to a positioning that I think is very hard for people to understand or define."" Announcements about plans to return the brand to its former positioning, or move it to fully electric-powered platforms—followed by immediate rescinding—did not help clarify things. According to Kim, this time period has also seen a steep decline in the innovative and compelling nature of the brand's vehicles. ""Their products have generally been nice enough, but not class-leading or world-beating,"" he said. In fact, the offerings have declined to such a degree that the brand must offer strong discounts to bring in customers, competing not with Audis or BMWs, but with well-equipped Hondas. ""It's kind of become a price brand, as opposed to a brand that people might lust after,"" Kim said. ""And with a premium luxury brand, value and price is not really the image you want to associate with."" Finally, the brand has failed to distinguish itself from its parent, Nissan. Shared platforms and power trains are necessary to achieve the economies of scale required in the contemporary auto industry. But a premium brand must feel superior in various categories—including driving dynamics, material quality, performance, design, and owner experience—to justify its price and positioning. Infiniti's recent products have not accomplished this. ""The QX60 was just a re-skinned Pathfinder,"" said Kim. ""If you drove the cars back-to-back, they drove exactly the same. It's not like the QX60 was even quieter or more refined."" Kargar claimed that the brand's new mission would rectify these issues by focusing on ""reconnecting to our heritage and making sure that we are protecting our main values."" These values, according to him, include being ""daring, forward, and human-centric, and to be able to offer really attractive products related to these values."" He also emphasized uniqueness and innovation, and being a brand that ""never tried to copy and paste others."" He held up as an example the just-released QX55, a five-passenger, five-door crossover coupe that brings Infiniti back to a category it helped originate in the early 2000s with its high-riding, high-powered FX. Though the QX55 features handsome, creasy styling, and though Kargar touted the fact that Infiniti is ""going to be the only Japanese carmaker coming with a crossover coupe,"" its shape and dimensions mimic almost exactly those of the Mercedes-Benz GLC Coupe, Audi Q5 Sportback, and BMW X4, and follows a format that Honda's premium brand Acura used back in 2009 with its ZDX. Kim vouched for these designs, with a caveat. ""The QX55 is genuinely pretty, and the QX60 Concept looks nice and it obviously doesn't look like a Pathfinder,"" he said. ""But it doesn't cost any more money to style a really good looking car than a bad looking car."" Styling, thus, doesn't evince real investment. He said that the proof will come only when critics and consumers can drive these vehicles. ""If we can tell that a QX60, in its drive experiences, is worth the extra price, and whether the QX55, with its nice styling, is able to justify the premium over a mainstream brand product or against other sporty crossovers in the segment.""    Our recent time in the QX55 suggests that the answer is, sadly, no. The model we tested, which was priced at $58,000 with options, featured the same joy-sapping continuously variable transmission Nissan has been saddling its vehicles with for years, as well as uninspired handling, Kia-level materials, and a confounding split-screen infotainment system with a crisp but dysfunctional lower screen, and a woefully outdated and fuzzy upper navigation interface pulled right from the Nissan parts bin, circa 2009. Perhaps the next round of products will make good on Kargar's more elusive promises. But with parent company Nissan slashing non-core models as it continues to dig out of its fiscal quagmire, and new premium brands like Hyundai's Genesis creating extremely compelling, fresh, and well-designed product at the same price point, time is tight. ""I don't see Infiniti going away,"" Kim said. ""Corporate pride won't let Nissan shut down Infiniti when their primary competitors in Japan—Toyota and Honda—each have premium brands. But it's going to be extremely important for Infiniti to elevate its products from a hardware perspective, as well as from a brand image and consumer perception perspective. There's definitely a lot of work to be done there."" 
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",1073,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886101818,2021-03-23 03:28:18,"Xi, Kim share messages reaffirming China-N. Korea alliance",https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/xi-kim-share-messages-reaffirming-china-n-korea-alliance/2021/03/22/3ac667f0-8b88-11eb-a33e-da28941cb9ac_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_world,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886101816,2021-03-23 03:35:47,AP PHOTOS: Cars become home for Spain’s pandemic casualties,https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/ap-photos-cars-become-home-for-spains-pandemic-casualties/2021/03/23/61ec33ec-8baa-11eb-a33e-da28941cb9ac_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_world,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886091680,2021-03-23 02:04:58,"There have been two mass shootings in less than a week, a trend previously unseen throughout the pandemic",https://news.yahoo.com/two-mass-shootings-less-week-060458273.html,en,True,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"The US has had two highly public mass shootings within a week of each other. The most recent large-scale shooting had occurred a year ago, before the pandemic took hold. Experts said the focus on the pandemic left little talk on mass shootings to inspire gunmen. Less than a week before authorities say 10 people were killed by a gunman at a Colorado supermarket, eight people were fatally shot at three Atlanta-area spas. In 2020, the archive recorded 611 mass shootings, which it defines as any attack in which at least four people are shot by one person. In most of those instances, the perpetrator is thought to have known the victims. The criminologist James Alan Fox told the AP he was hopeful that the lull of mass public shootings during lockdowns would help slow down a cycle in which high-profile shootings actually inspire others to act out. Fox also told the AP that mass shootings were often carried out by people who feel victimized and that the widespread suffering of the pandemic might have made those people feel less isolated relative to others. The AP reported analysis by experts that the more we talk about mass killings, the more likely it is for a gunman to become interested in perpetrating one. ""There had been a hope that maybe we broke the cycle and maybe we won't return,"" Peterson told The Times after the Georgia attacks. ""Now that it's back, a number of scholars are really concerned."" “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family Markieff Morris: I love to see the hate! No doubt I took a hard foul which I always do but I've never hit a man with his back turned! Luckily we built different over here. I can take my licks and keep pushing. Joker 1 smooth 0 lol. Source: Twitter ... Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? Mayfield wished OBJ well personally but also made it clear he was happy with the Browns team now sans Beckham The Patriots made three roster moves Monday that suggest more transactions could be coming ahead of Sunday's game against the Browns. ",721,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886091671,2021-03-23 02:15:22,Australian east coast rain to ease but flooding continues,https://news.yahoo.com/australian-east-coast-rain-ease-061522466.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"SYDNEY (AP) — Heavy rainfall was forecast to ease across Australia’s east coast but floodwaters will linger for days across New South Wales state where 15,000 people were nervously waiting on Tuesday for potential orders to evacuate. Some 18,000 residents of Australia’s most populous state have fled their homes since last week, with warnings the cleanup could stretch into April. New South Wales Premier Gladys Berejiklian on Tuesday said several weather fronts continued to effect large swaths of the state. Some parts of the state had recorded two-thirds of their annual rainfall in less than a week. Prime Minister Scott Morrison said the rain emergency was expected to ease by late Wednesday, but the “floodwaters remain persistent for some time.” “I’m advised that the rain and flood situation does remain dynamic and extremely complex,” Morrison said. Skies were forecast to clear over parts of Sydney and the coast to the north by late Tuesday. “It is almost impossible to believe but we will see blue skies and sunshine just later this afternoon in western Sydney and on the Mid North Coast,” government meteorologist Agata Imielska said. “It is very important to remember that even though we’ll have blue sky and sunshine returning, flooding will continue and the flood risk will continue,” Imielska added. Morrison said the New South Wales government had already requested 1,000 defense personnel to help clean up after the floods. The flooding rain had extended along the New South Wales coast across the Queensland state border in the north and almost as far as Victoria border to the south. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family Markieff Morris: I love to see the hate! No doubt I took a hard foul which I always do but I've never hit a man with his back turned! Luckily we built different over here. I can take my licks and keep pushing. Joker 1 smooth 0 lol. Source: Twitter ... Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? The Patriots made three roster moves Monday that suggest more transactions could be coming ahead of Sunday's game against the Browns. Mayfield wished OBJ well personally but also made it clear he was happy with the Browns team now sans Beckham ",736,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886091650,2021-03-23 01:15:32,"China, Russia officials meet in show of unity against EU, US",https://news.yahoo.com/china-russia-officials-meet-show-051532867.html,en,True,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"BEIJING (AP) — The foreign ministers of China and Russia affirmed their countries' close ties at a meeting Tuesday, amid intense criticism and new Western sanctions against them over human rights. Wang Yi and Sergei Lavrov rejected outside sniping at their authoritarian political systems and said they were working to further global progress on issues from climate change to the coronavirus pandemic. At their initial meeting in the southern Chinese city of Nanning on Monday, Wang and Lavrov accused the U.S. of interference in other countries’ affairs and urged it to rejoin the Iran nuclear agreement, something that President Joe Biden’s new administration has approached cautiously. Russia and China both maintain close relations with Tehran, with which they share a firm approach against any political opposition. The two officials continued that rhetoric at a news conference on Tuesday, where Wang sharply criticized coordinated sanctions brought by the European Union, Britain, Canada and the United States against Chinese officials over human rights abuses in China’s far western Xinjiang region. “Countries should stand together to oppose all forms of unilateral sanctions,"" Wang said. “These measures will not be embraced by the international community."" Lavrov said sanctions were drawing Russia and China closer together and accused the West of “imposing their own rules on everyone else, which they believe should underpin the world order.” “If Europe broke these relations, simply destroying all the mechanisms that have been created for many years ... then, probably, objectively, this leads to the fact that our relations with China are developing faster than what’s left of relations with European countries,” Lavrov said. In a joint statement issued after the meeting, the two ministers said no country should seek to impose its form of democracy on any other. “Interference in a sovereign nation's internal affairs under the excuse of ‘advancing democracy' is unacceptable,"" the statement said. China says members of the Uyghur and other Muslim minority groups in Xinjiang have voluntarily taken part in job training and de-radicalization courses, denying charges that more than 1 million have been locked up in prison-like reeducation camps where they are forced to reject their native culture and pledge loyalty to the ruling Communist Party and its leader Xi Jinping. Media outlets, foreign governments and activist groups say abuses, including forced labor and coerced birth control, are ongoing. China responded immediately Monday to the EU’s move by imposing sanctions on 10 European individuals and four institutions that it said had damaged China’s interests and “maliciously spread lies and disinformation.” The individuals were barred from visiting mainland China, Hong Kong and Macao and banned from engaging in financial dealings with Chinese institutions. Xinjiang had experienced anti-government violence, but Beijing claims its massive security crackdown brought peace in recent years. China and Russia were rivals for leadership of the communist world during the Cold War but have built a strong relationship in recent years based on opposition to the U.S.-led liberal order, as well as cooperation in military affairs, technology and trade in natural resources. China's ruling Communist Party allows no political opposition and keeps a tight hold on civil society, while Russian leader Vladimir Putin has cracked down heavily on citizens calling for a more open system. Russia has been under Western sanctions for years over its seizure of the Crimea, support for separatists in Ukraine and attacks on government critics. The new EU sanction system imposed on China is similar to the Magnitsky Act — Obama-era legislation that authorizes the U.S. government to sanction those it sees as human rights offenders, freeze their assets and ban them from entering the United States. China and the U.S. held contentious talks last week, while U.S.-Russia relations took a severe hit on Thursday after Putin shot back at Biden’s description of him as a killer. Also Tuesday, Australian Foreign Minister Marise Payne and her New Zealand counterpart Nanaia Mahuta said in a joint statement that they shared concerns about the rights situation in western China and joined in calls for an independent inquiry. “Today, we underscore the importance of transparency and accountability, and reiterate our call on China to grant meaningful and unfettered access to Xinjiang for United Nations experts, and other independent observers,” the statement said. U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said in a statement that a united response ""sends a strong signal to those who violate or abuse international human rights, and we will take further actions in coordination with likeminded partners.” Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau denied any connection between his country's support for the sanctions action and the fates of Spavor and Kovrig, according to Canadian broadcaster CTV. China has accused Spavor and Kovrig of working together to steal Chinese state secrets, but has offered no details and barred media and diplomats from the proceedings. “We’ve been deploring the arbitrary detention of the two Michaels (Kovrig and Spavor) for a long time and we’ve been working with our allies around the world on this issue,"" Trudeau told CTV. “On an unrelated issue, we along with our international allies are very concerned about the situation facing Muslim minorities in western China."" “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family Markieff Morris: I love to see the hate! No doubt I took a hard foul which I always do but I've never hit a man with his back turned! Luckily we built different over here. I can take my licks and keep pushing. Joker 1 smooth 0 lol. Source: Twitter ... Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? Mayfield wished OBJ well personally but also made it clear he was happy with the Browns team now sans Beckham The Patriots made three roster moves Monday that suggest more transactions could be coming ahead of Sunday's game against the Browns. ",1324,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886102545,2021-03-23 07:01:04,31 Best-Selling Home Products From Target That You’ll Probably Never Get Tired Of Owning,https://www.buzzfeed.com/lesleychen/best-selling-home-products-from-target,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"No buyer's remorse here. BuzzFeed Contributor We hope you love the products we recommend! All of them were independently selected by our editors. Just so you know, BuzzFeed collects a share of sales and/or other compensation from the links on this page. Oh, and FYI — prices are accurate and items in stock as of time of publication. The set comes with an 8-inch and 10-inch fry pan, 1.5-quart and 2.5 sauce pans with covers, and a 5-quart Dutch oven with cover. It's dishwasher safe! Some reviews have been edited for length or clarity. ",95,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886102543,2021-03-23 08:01:06,Freshen Up Your Home For Spring With These 32 Pieces Of Home Decor,https://www.buzzfeed.com/bekoconnell/home-decor-refresh-spring,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"Celebrate warmer weather by giving your home a seasonal makeover. BuzzFeed Staff We hope you love the products we recommend! All of them were independently selected by our editors. Just so you know, BuzzFeed may collect a share of sales or other compensation from the links on this page if you decide to shop from them. Oh, and FYI — prices are accurate and items in stock as of time of publication. The printed rug is powerloomed with 100% polyester pile in Turkey. Jungalow is a Black-owned brand, which started as a design blog by Justina Blakeney. Every time you place an order, the LA-based shop plans to plant at least two trees. This leafy friend needs bright, indirect light. This customizable lamp is by designer-maker Noa Razer in Tel Aviv, Israel. All the shapes are stackable so you can work with the seller to create your vision. Just start by adding your phone number in the personalization box.  Otherwild is a queer-owned shop founded in 2021 as a multidisciplinary community of artists and designers. Their online store sells high quality goods made by individuals with care.  Comma is a small business based in Oceanside, New York that just wants your home to be a peaceful sanctuary. Comma donates 10% of their sales to local organizations that help those dealing with homelessness. Nett Designs is a Black-owned small business run by Los-Angeles based designer Jeanetta Gonzales. You can find all sorts of maximalist goodies from throw pillows to prints that would look delightful in your home.  Reviews have been edited for length and/or clarity. ",268,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886101813,2021-03-23 03:44:26,US backs Philippines in standoff over South China Sea reef,https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/us-backs-philippines-in-standoff-over-south-china-sea-reef/2021/03/23/970560b6-8bab-11eb-a33e-da28941cb9ac_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_world,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886103178,2021-03-23 02:01:11,Giant earthworms found in wild weather in Queensland and New South Wales,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391665/Giant-earthworms-wild-weather-Queensland-New-South-Wales.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 24 The worms have been forced to seek shelter in rural properties, as south-east parts of the state have been hammered with nearly six months worth of rain in the last couple of days. Darren Jack said the heavy rain at the Tall Trees Motel had 'created havoc' for nearby wildlife, with other animals - including spiders - spotted climbing up the walls in recent days. Motel owner Darren Jack said the size of the earthworms hasn't shocked him after the continual recent rain in Queensland Mr Jack added the earth worm was 'comparatively small' compared to others he had found in the past - which can grow to as big as 2.5 metres. 'There's a massive, massive earthworm trying to get in under the door and it's trying to constrict itself,' he said in a video shared to the motel's Facebook page.  Mr Jack also said he released the worm back into the wild after after showing it to his wife, who was 'horrified.' 'It was trying to escape all the saturated soil... just trying to get into shelter.'  He said the creature was likely a digaster longmani - also known as a giant earthworm - a breed famous for growing as wide as a garden hose. The digaster longmani worms are rarely seen as they live underground. They are usually only spotted following excavations or heavy rain. Julia Bruhn with a giant earthworm, also known as 'digaster longmani' - which are only found only in southeast Queensland and northern NSW Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",272,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886103177,2021-03-23 02:23:15,"West Virginia, Tennessee and Arizona to make vaccines available to everyone over the age of 16",https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391897/West-Virginia-Tennessee-Arizona-make-vaccines-available-age-16.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 16 The governors of West Virginia, Tennessee and Arizona have announced plans to make their vaccinations against COVID-19 available to anyone over 16 within the next two weeks, as the U.S. continues its race against time with mutations spreading.  Two states - Mississippi and Alaska - are already inoculating residents 16 and up, but the three other states revealed plans to expand access by May 3. The news comes as new coronavirus infections are rising in several U.S. states - something being attributed to pandemic fatigue plus new variants from the UK, Brazil, South Africa and within the U.S.  The seven-day average of newly reported cases climbed 2.6 per cent on Sunday, even as overall hospitalizations and deaths remain down. A man in a West Virginia t-shirt is given his vaccination on March 11 in Martinsburg, WV U.S. Army National Guard Spc. Savaughna Johnson directs patients to receive their vaccine during a community vaccination event in Martinsburg, West Virginia As of Monday, the U.S. has recorded 29,867,415 cases and 542,888 deaths. Dr Rochelle Walensky, the head of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) warned on Monday about the growing threat from variants. California's homegrown coronavirus variant is now dominant there.  Rates of the  UK's potentially deadlier 'super-COVID' variant have tripled in Ohio in two weeks while rising to eight and nine percent in Florida and New Jersey, respectively.  Meanwhile, the UK variant, known as B.1.1.7, has spread to every single US state and makes up nearly one in 10 cases in at least two states. The CDC has previously suggested B.1.1.7 would become the dominant strain in the U.S. by March, which so far hasn't turned out to be the case. At least, 6,638 cases of varying mutant strains have been identified across the country, according to the CDC.  In a press briefing on Monday, Walensky said steps must be taken in light of variants until more people can get vaccinated.   'I get it. We all want to return to our everyday activities and spend time with our family, friends and loved ones. But we must find the fortitude to hang in there for just a little bit longer,' she said. 'We must act now and I am worried that if we don't take the right actions now, we will have another avoidable surge.'  The prevalence of all coronavirus variants - both those first detected and those homegrown- are spreading across the U.S. In a press briefing on Monday (pictured), CDC director Dr Rochelle Walensky said steps must be taken in light of variants until more people can get vaccinated In a recent study, the University of California, San Francisco looked at 2,172 samples of the virus collected between September 2020 and January 2021 across California. By January, the new variant accounted for more than 50 percent of all the genetically analyzed coronavirus samples. Currently, according to Walensky, the variant makes up 52 percent of infections in California, 41 percent in Nevada and 25 percent in Arizona.   In lab studies performed at UCSF, the researchers analyzed genetic material found on nasal swabs that were used to perform coronavirus tests. They found that B.1.427/B.1.429 produced a viral load that was twice as that triggered by other variants. That suggest the homegrown variant is better at copying itself more quickly once it gets inside the human body and hijacks its machinery. Although this hasn't been tested definitively yet, a higher viral load is a sign that someone infected with the variant might be especially contagious, spreading the virus more efficiently and effectively.  In addition, the California variant was more effective at evading antibodies produced naturally by the bodies of survivors of COVID-19 or produced by vaccines. Levels of antibodies produced in response to the California variant were two-fold lower. On Monday, Walensky revealed that California's homegrown variant, B.1.427/B.1.429, now accounts for 52% of state cases It has also spread to nearby states and now making up 41% of COVID-19 infections in Nevada and 25% in Arizona 'CALIFORNIAN' VARIANTS - B1427 AND B1429 It now accounts for at least 80 percent of all cases in Britain and most estimates put it at about 70 percent more infectious than older 'wild-type' coronavirus variants.  Beginning the week of October 18, 2020, just 0.2 percent of daily positive cases appeared to be linked to the UK variant. The first case was identified in the U.S. on December 31, showing that the variant was in the country much earlier than previously believed. However, the increase rapidly took off in January. The nationwide proportion of B 1.1.7. cases increased from 0.8 percent of all positive tests during the first week of January 2021 to 3.6 percent in the last week. According to Walensky, B.1.1.7 accounts for eight percent of all cases in Florida and nine percent in New Jersey  The UK variant, known as B.1.1.7, has also become more widespread, making up 9% of coronavirus cases in New Jersey and 8% in Florida Cases linked to B.1.1.7. have tripled in Ohio over the course of two weeks from 33 on March 7 to 128 on Monday 'UK VARIANT' -B117  In addition, cases of the UK variant have tripled in Ohio over the course of two weeks from 33 on March 7 to 128 on Monday.  'We are frankly in a race and we don't frankly know what the enemy is doing,' Ohio Gov Mike DeWine said during a briefing last week.  'But we do know from talking to the scientists and epidemiologists that they believe the variants are spreading in Ohio.'  Ohio health officials have suspected that the UK variant will become the dominant strain in the state by April.  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",962,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886103176,2021-03-23 02:24:27,Dr Fauci fawned over in kid's book describing him as a 'kid from Brooklyn with a million questions',https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391987/Dr-Fauci-fawned-kids-book-describing-kid-Brooklyn-million-questions.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 176 A children's tale about America's top doctor on infectious diseases is to be released later this year. A children's book has been written about the life of Dr. Anthony Fauci due out in June  'His father and immigrant grandfather taught Anthony to ask questions,' the blurb details. 'Consider all the data, and never give up – and Anthony's ability to stay curious and to communicate with people would serve him his entire life.' Despite not being endorsed by Joe Biden's chief medical adviser, author Kate Messner says she wrote the book in the hope of inspiring children to be like the doctor who has become the American authority of the coronavirus pandemic.  'I'm really hopeful that curious kids who read this book – those we're counting on to solve tomorrow's scientific challenges – will see themselves in the pages of Dr Fauci's story and set their goals just as high,' she continued.   The story isn't a complete fairy tale though with Messner claiming that she spoke to Fauci 'at the edges of his long work days' either before starting the day or as he left his office. Fauci has not officially endorsed the book but it was written with both the doctor's permission and approval along with a series of Zoom interviews with the author The book is set to be the talk of the playground with promises to include 'a timeline, recommended reading, plus a full spread of facts about vaccines and how they work, along with Dr Fauci's own tips for future scientists.'  Fauci, the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, has served seven presidents but he only really achieved global fame as the coronavirus pandemic began to take hold. Fauci has also served as an advisor to every president since Ronald Reagan was in office.  Fauci received the Presidential Medal of Freedom, America's highest civilian award, in 2008 from then-President George W. Bush for his decades of work, dating back to the earliest days of the AIDS crisis. Despite being 80 years old, the doctor has attempted to bridge the generations and  reached out to children last year as he told them he had saved Christmas by flying to the North Pole to give Santa a shot of the coronavirus vaccine. Messner will now be hoping that it is her book which will end up going viral and that children inspired by the doctor's performance and teachings might be eager to pick up a copy. Sen. Josh Hawley lost his book deal with publisher Simon & Schuster in January 'after his role in what became a dangerous threat.' Hawley is pictured giving a clinched-first salute to the MAGA mob who would later overwhelm Capitol Hill  The publisher behind the Fauci fable, Simon & Schuster, was under fire in January having cancelled Missouri Republican Senator Josh Hawley's book after the Capitol Hill riot.      The senator responded by tweeting a statement 'on the woke mob.' 'This could not be more Orwellian,' Hawley responded. 'We'll see you in court,' he offered, complaining that he was being canceled.  He said he was just 'representing my constituents' and 'leading a debate on the Senate floor on voter integrity.'  '...Which they have now decided to redefine as sedition,' he wrote.  Hawley was the first senator who said he'd support a House GOP plan to challenge some of the Electoral College votes from swing states - an effort President Donald Trump supported, as it extended the farce he was feeding to his supporters that the election result could be overturned.  Hawley's book was later picked up by conservative Regnery Publishing and is scheduled to be released this spring.  The publisher behind the Fauci fable, Simon & Schuster, was under fire in January having cancelled Missouri Republican Senator Josh Hawley's book after the Capitol Hill riot Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",651,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886102763,2021-03-23 03:31:11,Army Sgt. Ryan Pitts receives Medal of Honor,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/army-sgt-ryan-pitts-receives-medal-of-honor/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886102762,2021-03-23 03:33:11,MH17 aftermath: What's next for Putin?,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-aftermath-whats-next-for-putin/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886103174,2021-03-23 02:24:31,Disgraced ex-governor of Missouri Eric Greitens plots Senate comeback bid,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392001/Disgraced-ex-governor-Missouri-Eric-Greitens-plots-Senate-comeback-bid.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 199 Greitens, 46, is a former Navy SEAL officer who rose quickly to top office in the Show-Me State, before the scandal politically sidelined the then-married father of two in 2018. His announcement on Monday came 14 days after fellow Republican Roy Blunt said he would not seek a third Senate term in 2022.  Former Missouri Governor Eric Greitens has announced his plans to run for the U.S. Senate, two years after resigning in disgrace amid blackmail and invasion of privacy allegations His announcement on Monday came 14 days after fellow Republican Roy Blunt (above) said he would not seek a third Senate term in 2022 A number of other Republican candidates initially showed interest in replacing Blunt in heavily Republican Missouri, but the GOP field is narrowing. Lt. Gov. Mike Kehoe and early favorite Secretary of State Jay Ashcroft have both said they won't run, leaving Republican Attorney General Eric Schmitt and several of Missouri's U.S. representatives as potential Greitens opponents. 'My sense is that the Republican Party has probably sent a clear message to all potential candidates for Blunt´s seat that they want to consolidate their efforts behind one candidate, and a candidate that will be successful,' Webster University political scientist Bill Hall said. Blunt was the fifth Republican senator to announce he will not seek reelection, a retirement wave that might lead to an ugly campaign season next year and give Democrats fresh hope of preserving their Senate majority. Greitens was a political outsider when he ran for governor in 2016, but his resume was impressive. In addition to his role in the elite military outfit, he was a best-selling author, a Rhodes scholar and had started a successful charity for veterans. Greitens defeated establishment Republicans in the primary before winning in November. By the end of his first year in office, Greitens was getting buzz as a potential future presidential contender. Greitens delivers masks to first responders in Columbia, Missouri a year ago. Greitens passed out masks across the state in the early days of the coronavirus pandemic last spring It all began to fall apart in January 2018 when a St. Louis TV station aired a report about an extramarital affair with his hairdresser in 2015, before he was elected.  A month later, a grand jury indicted Greitens for invasion of privacy, accusing him of taking a compromising photo of the woman and threatening to use it as blackmail if she ever spoke of the encounter. The photo, taken in March 2015, allegedly displayed the hairstylist blindfolded, bound at the hands, and at least partially in the nude.  Greitens admitted to the affair (he and his wife, Sheena, divorced last year) but denied criminal wrongdoing and accused Gardner, a Democrat, of a politically motivated prosecution. Another scandal followed in April when Gardner charged Greitens with another felony, accusing him of illegally using the donor list for his charity, The Mission Continues, to raise money for his 2016 campaign. Greitens admitted to the affair (he and his wife, Sheena, divorced last year) but denied criminal wrongdoing  Meanwhile, the Republican-led Missouri Legislature began considering whether to pursue impeachment proceedings.  Those discussions and the criminal charges came to an end when Greitens resigned in June 2018. His return to public life has been gradual. He successfully sought reinstatement to the Navy, though not as a SEAL officer, in 2019.  He passed out masks to first responders across the state in the early days of the coronavirus pandemic last spring.  He has launched his own television show on the internet and Dish TV and is appearing often on conservative TV and radio programs. St. Louis University political scientist Ken Warren said that despite the scandals that drove him from office, polling has shown Greitens with fierce support among about one-third of Missouri Republicans.  That support might be enough for a primary win if several establishment candidates siphon votes from each other. 'Republicans want to win back the Senate, and to do so, they must hold Blunt's Republican seat,' Warren said in an email.  'Greitens would be a very risky candidate for the Republicans because he certainly could lose, even in the red state of MO.' Democrats seeking the Senate seat are Marine veteran Lucas Kunce, former state Senator Scott Sifton and activist Timothy Shepard.  On January 10, 2018, soon after Greitens concluded his state of the state speech, St. Louis TV station KMOV aired a report that the married father of two had had an affair in 2015 with his St. Louis hairdresser.  The TV report featured a conversation secretly recorded by the woman's then-husband in which she described to him some of her interactions with Greitens.  In it, she says Greitens took a photo of her while she was partially nude and threatened to release it if she exposed their relationship. Greitens issued a statement admitting to the affair but calling it consensual and denying blackmail.  St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner, a Democrat, launched an investigation immediately after the media report. The investigation resulted in a St. Louis grand jury indicting Greitens on a felony invasion of privacy charge on February 22, 2018. Jury selection began in May 2018. But three days later, a judge ordered Gardner to provide a statement under oath at the request of Greitens´ attorneys.  St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner, a Democrat, aggressively pursued charges against Greitens, but the cases were ultimately dropped They had accused Gardner of allowing a private investigator she hired to commit perjury and withhold evidence. Gardner said she had no choice but to drop the charge because Missouri's rules of professional conduct prohibit attorneys from litigating a case in which they´ve been called as a witness. A week later a judge appointed Jackson County Prosecuting Attorney Jean Peters Baker as a special prosecutor to consider whether to refile the invasion of privacy charge.  In June 2018, after Greitens had resigned, Baker announced that she believed the woman's claim about a photo, but there wasn't enough evidence to merit a criminal charge without relying on the woman's testimony, and she didn't want to participate.  'She never wanted this,' Baker said. 'She never willingly came forward, but she did tell the truth.' No photo was found on Grietens' phone. Baker said that a phone that forensic examiners looked at had at least 31,000 fewer files in May than it had in April. Greitens has frequently denied criminal behavior but has refused to answer direct questions about the alleged blackmail photo. Meanwhile, the Republican-led Missouri House had formed a bipartisan committee to investigate Greitens on March 1, 2018. On April 11, the committee released a graphic report on the affair.  The woman involved with Greitens told investigators that he slapped, spanked, shoved, grabbed and called her derogatory names during a series of sexual encounters in 2015. The committee found her testimony credible. Greitens said the report was part of a 'witch hunt.' On March 1, 2018, then Attorney General Josh Hawley, a Republican and now a senator, opened an inquiry into whether Greitens used a donor list from The Mission Continues for his political campaign.  Hawley's investigation determined that Greitens may have committed a felony by taking the charity's donor list and using it for political fundraising without the charity´s permission.  Hawley turned his evidence over to Gardner's office. On April 20, 2018, Greitens was charged with felony tampering with computer data. He called the allegations 'ridiculous.' Meanwhile, state House investigators also began looking into that case. On May 3, 2018, Republican leaders in the Missouri House and Senate announced they had enough signatures to call a special legislative session to consider disciplinary actions against Greitens that could include impeachment.  Gardner was moving ahead with the evidence tampering case and the potential existed for refiling of the invasion of privacy charge. Amid this backdrop, Greitens resigned from office on June 1, 2018. Gardner announced she would no longer pursue charges and the House investigations ceased.   Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",1344,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886102761,2021-03-23 03:34:11,Palestinian father loses entire family in an instant,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/palestinian-father-loses-entire-family-in-an-instant/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886103172,2021-03-23 02:38:09,Horror twist in Brisbane cold case reveals 'killer cab driver' claimed to have multiple victims,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391915/Horror-twist-Brisbane-cold-case-reveals-killer-cab-driver-claimed-multiple-victims.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/,"Queensland's state coroner has reopened the inquest into the 1986 disappearance of Ms Phillips after taxi driver Raymond Peter Mulvihill was unveiled as the number one suspect by police. Sharron Phillips, 20, (pictured) went missing in 1986, and is believed to have been murdered by a taxi driver Mulvihill drove a cab that was based at Wacol. An inquest in 1988 found there was insufficient evidence to commit anyone to trial and in a cruel twist for the Phillips family, Mulvihill died in 2002, more than 15 years after their daughter and sister vanished. Former homicide detective Bob Dallow told the Coroners Court on Tuesday that Mulvihill's stepson Ian Seeley was furious police failed to act on his claims his father was the murderer. Mr Seeley contacted the former detective in May 2016 confident that he knew who killed Sharron Phillips. Raymond Peter Mulvihill (pictured) who died in 2002, has been revealed as the number one suspect by police in the disappearance of Sharron Phillips 'I asked him how could you know? And he said to me 'because my father did it',' Mr Dallow told coroner Terry Ryan. Mr Seeley was 'quite irate' that police had not taken his information seriously and admitted he had picked up his step-father after his shift driving the cab that night. However, when he pulled into the driveway, his father was standing beside the cab at the back of shops at the rank base. '(Mulvihill) opened the boot of the cab and pulled Sharron Phillips out of there. Mulvihill's stepson Ian Seeley has claimed he saw Sharron Phillip's in the back of his dad's taxi (pictured) on May 8, 1986 'He then put Sharron into the back of the car that Ian was driving but Seeley had to help him because Sharron was a big girl and very strong. 'They put her into the boot and then Seeley came up with some story that Sharron had blood on her head.' Mr Seeley drove home with Ms Phillips locked in the boot. Sharron Phillip (pictured) was last seen on May 8 1986 at a petrol station in Wacol, southwest Brisbane 'He could hear Sharron kicking in the boot,' Mr Dallow said. Mr Seeley claimed he got out of the car before his father drove off with Ms Phillips trapped in the boot. She was never seen alive again. In stunning evidence, Mr Dallow said Mr Seeley told him his father claimed to have disposed of more than one victim - showing him the site he claimed to have dumped at least two women. ''He (Mulvihil) was dying at the time, and he showed me where he dropped Sharron Phillips and the other girl ... he dropped them both off at that location,' Mr Dallow said he was told by Mr Seeley. 'But if he showed him the right spot, I'll believe in the Easter Bunny.' Outside court, police confirmed to AAP Mulvihill's deathbed confession involved more than one missing girl and conceded there could be more than one victim. It is expected the coroner will hear evidence supporting claims of multiple victims on Wednesday when Mr Seeley is expected to take the stand. Police searched an area at Carole Park in 2017 but did not recover any human remains Earlier in the hearing, Mulvihill's former sister-in-law Allison Clancy claimed the taxi driver admitted attacking Ms Phillips while at a family christening in 1992. 'He said straight out - Sharron Phillips, my five minutes of fame,' Ms Clancy said. Cold-case detective Scott Chapman said the investigation focused on Mulvihill following the tip-off from Mr Seeley. 'We believe Raymond Mulvihill played a significant role in her disappearance and that Ian Seeley potentially played a role as well,' Detective Chapman told the coroner. The inquest continues. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",657,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886102760,2021-03-23 03:35:11,MH17 victims' bodies begin journey home,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-victims-bodies-begin-journey-home/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886103171,2021-03-23 02:55:18,"Queensland in chaos as schools close, homes evacuate and dams overlook as rainstorm continues",https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9390851/Queensland-chaos-schools-close-homes-evacuate-dams-overlook-rainstorm-continues.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 4 Hinze Dam, south-west of Nerang, broke its banks on Monday as rain smashed the east coast. Another nine dams across Queensland have also started overflowing. Hinze Dam, 15 km south-west of Nerang, started spilling mid-afternoon on Monday 3000 homes and businesses were without power across Queensland on Monday (pictured)  The rainband is expected to clear on Wednesday with more more settled conditions expected across southern Queensland. Four homes on the Gold Coast have been evacuated due to landslide risk while more than 100 properties are being inspected for damage in the southeast, Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk told parliament on Tuesday morning. 'If you do not have to be on the roads, please stay off them. We will continue to keep Queenslanders informed and safe,' she said. More than 20 schools were closed in the region, mainly because of cut roads. East of Brisbane, Lake Manchester Dam is spilling water and Seqwater has warned those downstream to avoid fast-flowing waterways and flood plains. The Nerang and Coomera rivers on the Gold Coast have burst their banks, and there's a flood warning for Maroochy and Mooloolah rivers on the Sunshine Coast. Minor flood warnings have also been issued for the Albert and Logan rivers, south of Brisbane, and a number of rivers in the Maranoa and Warrego districts in the state's southwest.  Emergency services had already responded to 840 calls for help after floods swept across Queensland (Tambourine Mountain Floods pictured)  Residents in the Hinze Dam catchment are on high alert as the primary reservoir of water supply for the Gold Coast overflows  Queensland Fire and Emergency Services co-ordinator Brian Cox urged people not to leave their homes and if they do to take extreme caution. 'Be really vigilant, I mean the first thing is don't go out today, don't,' he told 4BC Radio. 'But if you do, please drive by the road conditions, look out for pedestrians, cyclists. We're asking people to be really, really cautious. 'It will not take much with the current rainfall they've already experienced, and the saturation levels we've currently got across southeast Queensland, for any minor storm to hit, to raise those flood levels and water levels across roads and as you know that can be quite dangerous.' People living on two streets in the Gold Coast suburb of Wongawallen were evacuated on Monday amid fears of a landslide. Floodwaters had gouged out the foundations of at least one home, leaving it precariously perched atop a slope. Seqwater started to release more water from the Enoggera, Gold Creek, Hinze, Lake Macdonald, Leslie Harrison, Little Nerang, Sideling Creek and Wappa dams. The company said the Nindooinbah and Poona dams were also overflowing. Nine other dams across Queensland have started to spill as the Hinze Dam (pictured) overflows after heavy rainfall  Brisbane city and surrounding suburbs also saw widespread rainfall of 100mm  Queensland residents have been urged to stay off roads as flooding continues across the state  Enoggera - 129.8% capacity  Gold Creek - 177.7% capacity Hinze - 112.3% capacity  Lake Macdonald -  112.2% capacity Leslie Harrison - 118.2% capacity Little Nerang - 106.8% capacity  Nindooinbah - 108.6% capacity Poona - 100.8% capacity Sideling Creek-  110.7% capacity  Wappa - 103.3% capacity    Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",547,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886102759,2021-03-23 03:36:10,Two Americans among Israeli causalities in Gaza conflict,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/two-americans-among-israeli-causalities-in-gaza-conflict/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886103170,2021-03-23 03:05:42,Amazing moment man rescues stingray from floodwaters in Port Macquarie,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391045/Amazing-moment-man-rescues-stingray-floodwaters-Port-Macquarie.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 4 A man has used his bare hands to drag a stingray to safety after finding the confused fish in his flooded garage. WATCH: Locals on Port Macquarie's North Shore have pulled a stray stingray to safety, after it managed to swim through floodwaters into their garage. There's 300mm of rain to come: http://9Soci.al/qm1C30rBzMm #9News | Nightly at 6.00pm A man has used his bare hands to drag a stingray to safety after finding the confused fish in his garage Footage of the incident has been shared online with the brave resident being labelled a hero. 'Well done to this guy, he is a champion,' one wrote. 'On ya mate! Showing the people how to be a human being,' another said. 'Only in Australia,' another said.  Stingrays are usually gentile, non-dangerous creatures and will only sting swimmers if they feel threatened or disturbed. At the end of their tail they have barbed spines which can result in serious pain if a person is stung and in extremely rare cases even death.  The man is seen dragging the stingray back out into the open water after finding it inside his garage in Port Macquarie Floodwaters continue to wreak havoc across Port Macquarie as heavy rain batters NSW's coast It comes as New South Wales continues to be battered by heavy rainfall with the threat of floods already forcing more than 18,000 people to evacuate. The NSW State Emergency Service responded to 9700 calls for help across the state's eastern coast and conducted 870 flood rescues as of Tuesday morning.  Already, 34 NSW councils have declared natural disaster zones, with the powerful storm that lashed the state's north coast and western Sydney now spreading to the Illawarra region on the south coast, where 100-200mm of rain were forecast across the region on Tuesday, peaking at 300mm in some parts. Northwest of Sydney, around 200 residents were ordered to evacuate homes immediately on Tuesday morning as major flooding occurred along the Colo River in the Hawkesbury region.   A boat is seen almost submerged in floodwaters in Port Macquarie  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",365,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886102758,2021-03-23 03:37:12,Mourners frustrated while waiting for victims,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-mourners-frustrated-while-waiting-for-victims/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886103169,2021-03-23 03:08:40,Granddad describes how his son-in-law hid in a closet when the Boulder gunman opened fire,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391961/Granddad-describes-son-law-hid-closet-Boulder-gunman-opened-fire.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 52 A grandfather described the 'traumatizing' moment his son-in-law and two granddaughters hid in a closet when a gunman opened fire on a grocery store in Boulder, killing 10 people on Monday.    'There was shooting, and he saw it and got the girls down. They ran and hid upstairs in a coat closet for an hour, in the coats,' Steven said.  Steven said his son-in-law was in the King Soopers' pharmacy to get the COVID vaccine with his granddaughters, aged 13 and 14, when the shots went off.  Scroll down for video   The granddad, who identified himself as Steven (left), told NBC that his two teen granddaughters were with their dad inside the King Soopers store when the gunman entered. He said they hid in a closet of the supermarket for an hour  Steven said the trio escaped through the back of the business (pictured) when police officers arrived to the scene  'They were communicating with my daughter through his phone, texting, and then the cops came in through the roof and were protecting them,' Steven said.  Steven said the trio escaped through the back of the business. He explained that the incident was 'traumatizing for them'. 'I'm really concerned for their mental and emotional health. But they're great kids, and they're super solid and they have good parents. But this is going to be a hurdle to get over,' he added.  Steven also called for better gun control laws, saying: 'This has got to stop. Every week in the United States there's a shooting. Now it's our turn. And that should never be repeated anywhere.' The gunman killed 10 people, including Boulder police officer Eric Talley, 51, at the King Soopers grocery store on Monday afternoon.  Talley, a father-of-seven, was the first to respond to the scene, authorities said. Police arrested a suspect, but didn't reveal his name or any details about the shooting at an evening news conference where Boulder police Chief Maris Herold fought back tears. Talley had been with Boulder police since 2010, Herold said. He went to the store after a call about shots fired and someone carrying a rifle, she said. Healthcare workers were rushed out of the King Soopers grocery store after a gunman opened fire inside  Shoppers held hands as they were evacuated from the supermarket by police officers Monday afternoon  Investigators had just begun sorting through evidence and witness interviews and didn't have details on a motive for the shooting at the King Soopers store in Boulder, which is about 25 miles northwest of Denver and home to the University of Colorado, said Boulder County District Attorney Michael Dougherty. 'This is a tragedy and a nightmare for Boulder County,' Dougherty said. 'These were people going about their day, doing their shopping. I promise the victims and the people of the state of Colorado that we will secure justice.' Dougherty said of Talley: 'He was by all accounts one of the outstanding officers of the Boulder Police Department, and his life was cut too short.' The attack was the seventh mass killing this year in the US, following the March 16 shooting that left eight people dead at three Atlanta-area massage businesses, according to a database compiled by The Associated Press, USA Today and Northeastern University. A gunman killed 10 people, including Boulder Officer Eric Talley (pictured), at a grocery store in Colorado on Monday It follows a lull in mass killings during the pandemic in 2020, which had the smallest number of such attacks in more than a decade, according to the database, which tracks mass killings defined as four or more dead, not including the shooter. Identities of the other nine victims were not disclosed Monday night as police were still notifying their family members. Matthew Kirsch, the acting US attorney for Colorado, pledged that 'the full weight of federal law enforcement' will support the investigation.  He said investigators from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives were at the crime scene, along with FBI agents. Officers had escorted a shirtless man with blood running down his leg out of the store in handcuffs but authorities would not say if he was the suspect.  They did say the suspect was receiving medical care and was the only person injured who did not die.  The hospital will not release any further information on the patient, said Rich Sheehan, spokesman for Boulder Community Health, which operates the facility. Dean Schiller told The Associated Press that he had just left the supermarket when he heard gunshots and saw three people lying face down, two in the parking lot and one near the doorway. He said he 'couldn't tell if they were breathing'. A shirtless man with blood running down his leg was escorted out of the store in handcuffs by two police officers, a live TV feed showed. Authorities have not confirmed if this man is the suspect they have in custody Video posted on YouTube showed one person on the floor inside the store and two more outside on the ground. What sounds like two gunshots are also heard at the beginning of the video. Law enforcement vehicles and officers massed outside the store, including SWAT teams, and at least three helicopters landed on the roof. Some windows at the front of the store were broken. At one point, authorities said over a loudspeaker that the building was surrounded and that 'you need to surrender'. Sarah Moonshadow told the Denver Post that two shots rang out just after she and her son, Nicolas Edwards, finished buying strawberries. She said she told her son to get down and then 'we just ran'. Once they got outside, she said they saw a body in the parking lot. Edwards said police were speeding into the lot and pulled up next to the body. 'I knew we couldn't do anything for the guy,' he said. 'We had to go.' James Bentz told the Post that he was in the meat section when he heard what he thought was a misfire, then a series of pops. 'I was then at the front of a stampede,' he said. Bentz said he jumped off a loading dock out back to escape and that younger people were helping older people off of it. Colorado Gov Jared Polis tweeted a statement that his 'heart is breaking as we watch this unspeakable event unfold in our Boulder community'. In a statement, the King Soopers chain offered 'thoughts, prayers and support to our associates, customers, and the first responders who so bravely responded to this tragic situation. We will continue to cooperate with local law enforcement and our store will remain closed during the police investigation'. Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",1133,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886103583,2021-03-23 00:34:00,Hints From Heloise: Put ‘get moving’ on your work-from-home to-do list,https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/advice/hints-from-heloise-put-get-moving-on-your-work-from-home-to-do-list/2021/03/21/e42cade2-7c95-11eb-a976-c028a4215c78_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_lifestyle,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"But the fix is pretty easy. Let’s look into an adjustable desk where we can stand periodically. (Some desks come with treadmills attached to them!) We must take a break every 30 minutes to stretch, go outside during lunch and walk, and arrange a walking phone meeting with colleagues. One study purports that an hour of physical activity per day can counteract the potential harm that sitting all day can do. Let’s just be aware that moving our bodies every day is critical to our health, especially as we age. Everyone, even children, is entitled to privacy.  — Mark H. in Pennsylvania They are sold in big-box retailers and online retailers for $10 to $25.  — Amy W. in Alabama They have fun knowing they are giving of themselves, and they challenge each other to donate the largest, costliest, most sentimental item. I'm teaching them to give back, which I think is critical.  — Heather T. in Pennsylvania — Elery C., Rockville, Md.  — Norbert (Nick) E. in California  — Hal L. in New York 2021, King Features Syndicate The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",201,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886103168,2021-03-23 03:18:38,Family homes being washed down Hawkesbury River in Sydney's north after mass flooding in the area,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391945/Family-homes-washed-Hawkesbury-River-Sydneys-north-mass-flooding-area.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 8 Down the Hawkesbury River they floated, one after another - a heartbreaking reminder of the devastation being wrought by Australia's once-in-a-century floods.  In confronting scenes on Tuesday, at least five family homes were ripped from their foundations and washed down the swollen waterway. Torrential daily rainfall as heavy as 300mm in Sydney's western and north-western suburbs has seen major rivers including the Hawkesbury, Nepean and Colo Rivers overflow, wreaking havoc on nearby communities. Many homes along the Hawkesbury, north of Sydney, are accessible only by boat, making them particularly vulnerable to extreme weather events like the great flood of 2021. The photos show the battered homes floating along the murky tide, some barely above the water, after being smashed from their foundations upstream. Confronting images showing at least five homes washing away down the Hawkesbury River is another reminder of the tragic reality behind Australia's once-in-a-century floods Homes have been torn from their foundations and pulled down the Hawkesbury River with streams of debris following behind The grim images show family homes barely surfacing as they drift down the swollen river north of Sydney's CBD As many as 35,000 residents of west and north-western Sydney have either been evacuated or are facing evacuation after mass flooding from local rivers. The area has been saturated by between 200mm and 300m, with the rain expected to last through until Wednesday when relief is expected. The NSW State Emergency Service has responded to 9700 calls for help across the state's eastern coast and conducted 870 flood rescues. Already, 34 NSW councils have declared natural disaster zones, with the powerful storm that lashed the state's north coast and western Sydney now spreading to the Illawarra region on the south coast, where 100-200mm of rain was forecast across the region on Tuesday, peaking at 300mm in some parts.  Northwest of Sydney, around 200 residents were ordered to evacuate homes immediately on Tuesday morning as major flooding occurred along the Colo River in the Hawkesbury region. 'From 8am ... you should be ready to be evacuated from your home via helicopter or boat,' the SES said. 'If you do not leave when asked to it will be too dangerous to stay and you may be trapped without power, water and other essential services by 8am.'  On the Hawkesbury River another evacuation order was issued for low lying properties in North Richmond, Agnes Banks and Windsor amid major flooding. 'Flooding may remain at these levels for the next few days based on forecast rainfall,' the SES said.  The Hawkesbury region in particular sees many homes lined along the river accessible only by boat, making them extremely exposed to extreme weather events like the natural disaster currently hammering the area A fishing boat from the Hawkesbury River has washed up on a riverside road after severe rainfall in the area Debris from a home situated on the Hawkesbury River in Sydney floats down stream covered in sticks and leaves Another home floats away down the Hawkesbury River barely staying above the surface More than 200 residents were rescued from the Colo River on Tuesday morning after SES orders to evacuate their homes A home washes up against the bank of the Hawkesbury River after floating down stream with the rising flood waters Debris has washed up on the shores of the Hawkesbury River after severe weather destroyed houses lining the water Damon Arnette threatens to kill someone while brandishing gun Howard Stern rips Aaron Rodgers over misleading vaccination comments Hunter seen shockingly kicking horse during Hertfordshire hunt Surveillance footage of two gunmen before killing at Mexico hotel Not guilty verdict after two pit bulls mauled elderly woman to death Owner screams of fright as dog throws squirrel at her Cliff rocks crash down from 120ft-high Dorset coastline Little House on the Prarie star talks upcoming book about the show Travis Scott tells crowd to 'f**k up' fan who 'tried to steal shoe' Two-toed baby sloth surprises zookeepers with speedy birth Driver rescues kitten stuck in car engine during commute to work Miya Ponsetto AKA Soho Karen appears in court charged with hate crime South-east Queensland is also experiencing severe weather conditions with mass flood events breaking out in regional and metropolitan areas.  The Dreamworld theme park was closed, as the Gold Coast, Brisbane, and the Sunshine Coast went on high alert, extending to communities as far west as Birdsville. Low-lying homes on the Gold Coast areas Tallai and Carrara have been inundated, and a flood watch was put in place for a wide band of southern Queensland stretching from the South Australian border to the southeast coast. Bursts of storm activity has compounded falls reaching as high as 150mm in some areas, with the Gold Coast copping rainfall in excess of 200mm on Monday. A house boat was captured sinking on Biggera Waters on Tuesday afternoon as desperate owners attempted to remove belongings and ensure occupants safety. Wild winds combined with heavy rainfall and sweeping tides caused the vessel to begin to sink, with several people on tinnies attempting to help the situation.        A house boat was captured sinking on Biggera Waters on the Gold Coast after wild storms lashed the area Several locals arrived on the scene in tinnies to attempt to help the owners retrieve belongings The Gold Coast region copped more than 200mm of rainfall on Monday causing mass flooding to the area Several people can be seen onboard the vessel attempting to slow the sinking of the house boat Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",935,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886102757,2021-03-23 03:38:11,Wildfires rage across the Pacific Northwest,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/wildfires-rage-across-the-pacific-northwest/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886102756,2021-03-23 03:40:12,Texas residents fed up with surge of illegal immigrants,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/texas-residents-fed-up-with-surge-of-illegal-immigrants/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886103167,2021-03-23 03:22:05,"Own an entire town as massive Queensland resort is on sale for a special, knockdown COVID-19 price",https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391227/Own-entire-town-massive-Queensland-resort-sale-special-knockdown-COVID-19-price.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 2 Huang first tried to sell the property in 2017 but is now offering a COVID-19 discount on the $104 million retail price for a 'cash unconditional term'. The main resort includes 102 rooms and as well as a restaurant and wedding centre 'Limited time Covid Special around $60m cash...' wrote Huang in the listing for the property. 'It's unlikely you will get a loan from any banks now and you should not borrow, like Harry Trigubuff (sic), therefore completely eliminate your risk,' he continued. The main 102-room resort was built in the 1980s by the Japanese Towa group on land owned by Sydney entrepreneurs Sir Peter Abeles and Arthur George. The more exclusive 30-room Packer Lodge was built later and became a regular Queensland bolthole of the man it was named after, who visited the resort to utilise its two championship polo fields. Kerry Packer often visited the Kooralbyn resort because of its championship polo fields The owner believes the property is ideal for the development of a retirement village  Peter Huang poured more than $10 million into the resort to restore operations in 2016 The property also comprises a 230-seat restaurant, a convention/wedding centre, a private airport which can also be used for ‘drag racing’, a mountain bike course, a vineyard, an international school and a caravan park. Mysteriously, for the Gold Coast, it also includes a 'half-finished snow ski lodge to be converted to eco-lodge or other uses'.  The 18-hole championship golf course was the breeding ground for future international champions, Australians Jason Day and Adam Scott. Olympic champion Cathy Freeman also attended the International School and trained at the property in the late 1980s.  'I'm not desperate but I'm motivated and keen to sell,' Huang told Daily Mail Australia. 'I'm a real estate agent and haven't run a resort before. It would suit someone with a hospitality background and who has good connections to the local tourism market.' The championship golf course - and the 'roos - are some of the resort's key attractions A map marked to show off the resort's attractions, including the incomplete 'snow ski lodge' '[There is] potential to acquire the neighbouring local shopping centre, local service station and airport hanger for an estimated $3.5m, so you will control the whole Kooralbyn CBD for far better future master planning of the whole area,' said Huang. 'I can create a deal if someone is interested in buying the assets around the resort as well,' he told Daily Mail.  Huang acquired the property from receivers for $6.5 million in 2014 after it had been closed for eight years. He spent more than $10 million before reopening it in 2016, styling the resort as a 'health and fitness eco-resort'. The agent claimed he is relisting the resort after two cash offers had fallen through. 'One still sitting on the buyer's solicitor's table for too long waiting for another director to sign, and another buyer has been shown the door after he tried to re-negotiate the mutually agreed price using the COVID as an excuse,' wrote Huang. Olympic champion Cathy Freeman called Kooralbyn home in the late 1980s Champion Australian golfer Jason Day cut his teeth on the Kooralbyn resort course  The property can also be subdivided, with a previous development application for a retirement village housing 1000 people having lapsed.  'It would be a perfect paradise for people over 50 looking to retire,' said Huang. 'Free from COVID, free from traffic, playing golf every day...'  Huang said he had received 'lots of offers' but was realistic about the price given the continued absence of international tourists as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",628,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886102755,2021-03-23 03:41:11,7/21: MH17 victims' bodies begin journey home; Wildfires rage across the Pacific Northwest,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/721-mh17-victims-bodies-begin-journey-home-wildfires-rage-across-the-pacific-northwest/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886103166,2021-03-23 03:22:21,NSW Floods: Leafy streets in western Sydney flooded as residents save stranded emu,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391581/NSW-Floods-Leafy-streets-western-Sydney-flooded-residents-save-stranded-emu.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 4 Million dollar homes that normally back onto dry bush and open pastures have been washed out during Sydney's horror floods, as large tracts of farmland are turned into lakes complete with floating emus and food trucks. Carrington Road in Londonderry in Sydney's west was divided in two by Tuesday afternoon as murky floodwaters cut access to the main street.  Homes were abandoned as water filled front yards and lapped against low lying properties.  Floodwater entered several homes along the street and any cars left behind were submerged as rain continued to batter the small town near Penrith. Carrington Road in Londonderry in Sydney's west was divided in two by Tuesday afternoon as murky floodwaters cut access to the main street A pet emu named Gookie had become disorientated in the carnage and was swimming through the floodwaters as his desperate owner Paul Zammit tried to lure him back with dry bread and a warm towel Floodwater entered several homes along the street and any cars left behind were submerged as rain continued to batter the small town near Penrith An enormous truck was floating on its side (bottom left corner) on land that had been flooded The deluge was also threatening homes in leafy streets in nearby McGraths Hill, where enormous swathes of farmland were washed away by water spilling from the Hawkesbury River. Most roads in and out of the region had been cut by Tuesday, blocking access to Richmond, Wisemans Ferry, Windsor and Pitt Town.   Mitchell Hawkett, whose parents have lived on Killarney Court in McGraths Hill for 25 years, moved back into his family home after he was evacuated from his own house in Pitt Town. 'I think we should be pretty safe here,' he said as he watched water slowly creep up at the end of his street. At the bottom of Killarney Court is a small graveyard which normally overlooks the paddocks Many of the graves were underwater by Tuesday afternoon as floodwaters continued to rise At the back of McGraths Hill and toward Oakville, sheds and properties were already entirely submerged in water by Tuesday afternoon. Paul Zammit, who lives nearby, tried desperately to rescue his pet emu who got disorientated in the craziness Floodwaters were lapping at homes in Londonderry, threatening to enter properties if the rain continued Pictured: Paul Zammit carrying his pet emu, Gookie 'It looks like a lake, but there isn't supposed to be any water down there. That's normally just green.' Mr Hawkett said while his family feel confident the water won't get inside their property, they've still had to make arrangements in case the unthinkable happens. 'We're still on high alert, absolutely... If the water does get closer, we're going to have to just keep on moving, I suppose. Next will be my brother in Rouse Hill.' When he fled Pitt Town, water was lapping at about gutter level and expected to rise. He packed his important photos and irreplaceable belongings before heading to his parents' house.  At the bottom of Killarney Court is a small graveyard which normally overlooks the paddocks.  Much of it was underwater on Tuesday.   Floodwater entered several homes along the street and any cars left behind were submerged as rain continued to batter the small town near Penrith Floodwaters lapped against properties on the other side of Carrington Road, threatening to spill over if the rain continued Pictured: A child's toy car was left in the mud out the front of a house after waters subsided Mitchell Hawkett fled his home in Pitt Town and retreated to his parents' McGraths Hill home in Killarney Street before realising flood waters were starting to rise Just two minutes down the road at the back of McGraths Hill and toward Oakville, sheds and properties were already entirely submerged in water by Tuesday afternoon. A pet emu named Gookie had become disorientated in the carnage and was swimming through the floodwaters as his desperate owner Paul Zammit tried to lure him back with dry bread and a warm towel. He gravitated toward a catamaran which was further out the lake and attached to a factory which was entirely submerged in water. The catamaran was in the process of getting built prior to the floods.   Homes were abandoned as water filled front yards and lapped against low lying properties This house in Killarney Court backed onto a parklands which were converted to a lake on Tuesday due to rising floodwaters The pet emu got disorientated when land he normally roams in was submerged in floodwaters on Wolseley Road. He is seen here near a shed on the property, which is entirely submerged under water A granny flat out the back of a Carrington Road house was flooded on Tuesday afternoon Locals gathered by the corner of Wolseley Road as they saw an enormous truck tipped on its side and floating in the water. One woman, who has lived in the area for more than 60 years, said it got caught up in the flooding early on Monday and had been floating through flooded streets before it finally seemed to get lodged at the end of the street. 'I thought it would've been all the way in Pitt Town by now,' she joked. Incredible drone footage of the area showcased just how much the usually green and dry landscape had changed in just days.    Even still, locals who have lived here a lifetime say they've 'definitely seen worse'. 'Everyone's talking about 1961,' the woman said. 'Sure, that was the worst, but 1978 wasn't far behind. The water came up to the windowsills in '78, and we're not even that close to a body of water.' 'This is bad, but it's not the worst... Not the second worst either.'   Roads were blocked in every direction heading in and out of McGraths Hill At the bottom of Killarney Court is a small graveyard which normally overlooks the paddocks The pet emu got disorientated when land he normally roams in was submerged in floodwaters on Wolseley Road Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",1026,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886102754,2021-03-23 03:42:11,Russia's role in airliner shootdown,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/russias-role-in-airliner-shootdown/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886103165,2021-03-23 03:27:03,Fire breaks out at New York nursing home with 'multiple people trapped' after roof collapses,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392121/Fire-breaks-New-York-nursing-home-multiple-people-trapped-roof-collapses.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 123 A nursing home resident was killed, another was reported missing, and a firefighter was unaccounted for after a huge blaze broke out at a three-story assisting living facility some 30 miles north and west of New York City.  Several other residents were seriously injured while authorities have also launched a search for a missing firefighter who was rescuing one of the trapped victims on the third floor. Fire officials said the missing firefighter, who was one of the first to respond to the blaze, is a member of the Spring Valley Fire Department. It is believed that the missing firefighter got lost inside the burning building and was unable to find their way out.  'We have numerous teams looking through the rubble' for the missing firefighter, Rockland County Director of Fire and Emergency Services Chris Kear said.  'We believe at this time he got lost and just couldn’t find his way out.' 'We've got to start pulling it back, and peeling it layer by layer. And hopefully he’ll be recovered.'  Kear said that firefighters were looking for their missing comrade after a 'mayday' call indicating great distress, but they had to end their search. 'The conditions were just too unbearable. They had to back out,' Kear said.  Fire and rescue were on the scene at the 200-capacity Evergreen nursing home in Spring Valley, where the roof collapsed following an explosion.   The image above shows firefighters at the scene of a nursing home in Rockland County, New York that caught on fire in the early morning hours of Tuesday The Evergreen nursing home in Spring Valley holds up to 200 residents. At least one person was killed in the blaze Firefighters in Rockland County are seen above at the scene of the blaze early on Tuesday morning The image above shows the smoldering ruins of the Evergreen Court Home for Adults after a fire tore through the building on Tuesday Damon Arnette threatens to kill someone while brandishing gun Howard Stern rips Aaron Rodgers over misleading vaccination comments Hunter seen shockingly kicking horse during Hertfordshire hunt Surveillance footage of two gunmen before killing at Mexico hotel Not guilty verdict after two pit bulls mauled elderly woman to death Owner screams of fright as dog throws squirrel at her Cliff rocks crash down from 120ft-high Dorset coastline Little House on the Prarie star talks upcoming book about the show Travis Scott tells crowd to 'f**k up' fan who 'tried to steal shoe' Two-toed baby sloth surprises zookeepers with speedy birth Driver rescues kitten stuck in car engine during commute to work Miya Ponsetto AKA Soho Karen appears in court charged with hate crime 'Today is a moment of great pain for the village of Spring Valley and for the entirety of Rockland County,' Rockland County Executive Ed Day said.  At the time of the fire, between 100 and 125 people were living inside the facility and between 20 and 30 residents had to be rescued, according to officials.  Officials are now working to account for all of the residents, though they 'believe most are accounted for,' said Kear.  'It's a sad day on many fronts,' Kear said, though he credited 'heroic' first responders with having 'saved numerous, numerous lives here.'  Kear added: 'We believe [most of the resident] are [accounted for], but again we are double checking, we are triple checking, to make sure.' Fire officials said that the building was 'very old' and 'conducive to a rapid spread of fire' and it is believed to have been equipped with a partial sprinkler system.  Fire officials said they were first notified of an emergency at 12:52am on Tuesday. Residents of the nursing home were reported trapped as flames were seen shooting out of the building. The fire quickly spread from the first floor up through the roof and burned for some six hours.  As of 11am on Tuesday, small hotspot fires were still burning, according to officials.  'It's a frame building,' Kear said. 'It's had numerous additions on it.  'I believe it was a partial sprinkler system in the building. The sheer size of the building and the amount of the fire is what's making it take so long.'  A large fire has broken out at a nursing home in New York, with multiple people trapped. Fire and rescue are on the scene at Evergreen Nursing Home in Spring Valley, where the roof has reportedly collapsed Fire and rescue are on the scene at the 200-capacity Evergreen nursing home in Spring Valley, where the roof has collapsed following an explosion. Damon Arnette threatens to kill someone while brandishing gun Howard Stern rips Aaron Rodgers over misleading vaccination comments Hunter seen shockingly kicking horse during Hertfordshire hunt Surveillance footage of two gunmen before killing at Mexico hotel Not guilty verdict after two pit bulls mauled elderly woman to death Owner screams of fright as dog throws squirrel at her Cliff rocks crash down from 120ft-high Dorset coastline Little House on the Prarie star talks upcoming book about the show Travis Scott tells crowd to 'f**k up' fan who 'tried to steal shoe' Two-toed baby sloth surprises zookeepers with speedy birth Driver rescues kitten stuck in car engine during commute to work Miya Ponsetto AKA Soho Karen appears in court charged with hate crime Investigators are looking into whether the building was adequately equipped with smoke detectors and other fire mitigation measures. In 2019, the New York State Health Department conducted an inspection of the facility and found several violations related to the condition of the building. One of those violations involved regulations on smoke and fire protection in adult-care facilities. Two of the violations cited were for fire code. The first was for a range hood in the kitchen. At the time the range hood was first inspected by the state, the nursing home did not have a certificate of compliance available for immediate review. A source told DailyMail.com that the certificate was provided to the inspector the next day while they were on site. The second violation was for residents who were smoking in their rooms and possessing extension cords. The nursing home responded by replacing all unrated extension cords with surge protectors, advising residents about the dangers of smoking in their rooms and posting no smoking signs in the hallways.  The DOH acknowledged they corrected the issue, according to the source.  Denise Kerr, the director of the nursing home, told DailyMail.com that the facility was cited for 'minor' fire code violations that were 'long ago corrected' and 'approved by the Department of Health.' 'Since [2019], Evergreen Court Home for Adults has been inspected multiple times by the Department of Health and local health authorities and have had no fire-related citations issued to us,' Kerr told DailyMail.com. Public records indicate that the owner of the nursing home is Joseph Schoenberger, who is listed as the head of the company that administers the facility, G & J New Bader Enterprises based in Spring Valley. DailyMail.com has attempted to reach Schoenberger by phone for comment.   Kerr released a statement on Tuesday which read: 'This is an unspeakable tragedy at Evergreen Court Home and our hearts and prayers go out to all individuals and families who have been impacted. 'We join the community in mourning the loss of our resident who passed away and pray for the safety of the missing firefighter. 'We are fully cooperating with all state and local authorities in the investigation of this fire and are conducting our own internal investigation as well.  The early-morning fire at the assisted living facility prompted the evacuation of residents and led to the partial collapse of the building According to witnesses, several Good Samaritans ran into the burning building and saved residents from the blaze The image above shows firefighters extinguishing the blaze that broke out at Evergreen Nursing Home in Spring Valley on Tuesday morning Witnesses reported that the fire quickly spread through the building and left it 'completely destroyed' 'Our staff was truly heroic in evacuating residents who were inside the building as the fire spread, and we are forever grateful to the first responders whose actions undoubtedly saved lives. 'All 112 residents at Evergreen Court Home are accounted for and have been placed in a new home. We are currently in the process of contacting their families.'  Video was posted to social media showing dozens of evacuees driven away from the scene on a bus.  The Spring Valley Police Department, which is leading the investigation, released a statement to DailyMail.com saying that several firefighters and residents were injured and that 'it is too early to comment on the cause of the fire.'  The SVPD is being aided in the investigation by police and fire agencies including the Rockland County Sheriff's Office, New York State Police, and other emergency services.  Numerous fire departments responded to the scene in an effort to combat the blaze, according to the police.   The fire continued to burn for more than five hours after flames broke out around 1:40am on Tuesday, with videos showing a huge blaze ripping through the building.  The image above shows the scale of the destruction caused by the fire which tore through the nursing home early on Tuesday morning The image above shows the entrance to the nursing home and columns of the building that was left completely destroyed A firefighter surveys the ruins of the building after it was destroyed by a fire early on Tuesday morning The image above shows smoke rising from the smoldering ruins of a nursing home that was devastated by a fire early on Tuesday morning Firefighters survey the extensive damage as the building was left hollowed out by the fire early on Tuesday morning The image above shows the skeleton of the structure that was torn apart by a fire early on Tuesday morning Investigators from the Spring Valley Police Department told DailyMail.com that it was still too early to pinpoint the cause of the fire The image above shows mangled staircases amid smoldering ruins left behind by a fire that tore through a nursing home in Rockland County, New York early on Tuesday morning More than 100 firefighters from some 26 different departments were summoned to the scene to help combat the blaze The image above shows the level of destruction wrought by the fire which broke out in the early morning hours of Tuesday Firefighters at the scene survey the damage after extinguishing the flames from the blaze on Tuesday morning Fire crews worked to put out small pockets of fire that still burned in the early morning hours of Tuesday An exhausted firefighter takes a much-needed break near the scene of the blaze on Tuesday morning A volunteer firefighter from nearby Suffern, New York takes a break after responding to the blaze in Spring Valley on Tuesday Firefighters were sifting through the rubble in search of possible victims of the blaze early on Tuesday morning The New York Fire Department and Hatzolah were on the scene where there was a 'massive explosion', according to Orthodox Jewish media outlet Belaaz.  First responders were seen evacuating people from inside the building, with the cause of the blaze currently unknown. Hershey Green, a resident of Spring Valley, told WCBS that when people saw the flames, he and others ran in to help residents.    People 'literally ran in and helped out with the seniors,' Green told the outlet as flames continued to burn in the building behind him.  'There was plenty of just good Samaritans out here, about eight of them that literally ran into the building and bring them out in the wheelchairs, walkers, and literally picking them up and physically removing them out of the danger.' According to Trooper Steven Nevel - Public Information Officer for Troop F of the New York State Police, who spoke to CNN - one firefighter was missing for an hour inside the building.  Firefighters work in extinguishing hotspots from a fire that burned down the Evergreen Court Home for Adults Firefighters survey the smoldering remains of the nursing home in Spring Valley, New York on Tuesday The fire swept through the suburban New York assisted living home and caused a partial collapse early Tuesday More than 100 firefighters from some two dozen different departments responded to the blaze in Spring Valley on Tuesday The building was considered 'very old' and 'conducive to the rapid spread of fire,' according to local officials The image above shows the top two floors collapsed due to the fire that tore through the facility on Tuesday As of 9am on Tuesday, the fire was not brought completely under control, according to local officials on the scene Smoke is seen rising from the ruins of the nursing home that was destroyed by a fire in Spring Valley, New York on Tuesday A firefighter surveys the damage caused by the fire at a nursing home in Spring Valley, New York on Tuesday Fire crews are seen above at the scene of the blaze some seven hours after responding to initial reports of smoke coming from the building It is unclear how many residents are unaccounted for, Nevel said, who added that another firefighter had suffered a heart attack and had been taken to hospital. Eyewitness Mark Kennedy said that the fire had been 'raging', and that the building was 'completely destroyed', according to Insider. 'The fire was probably raging for around two hours, or maybe more, before the building caved in,' Kennedy told the outlet.  Belaaz noted that firefighters were called to the scene from as far away as North Jersey, and helicopter assistance was also present.  Video from the scene showed the nursing home engulfed in flames as emergency responders gathered in the parking lot.  Video from the scene showed the nursing home engulfed in flames as emergency responders gathered in the parking lot. Part of the building was shown collapsing in on itself in the video (pictured) In footage taken following the reported explosion, parts of the building - including the roof and second floor - were shown collapsing as the fire continued to spread.  Another video showed a number of the care home's residents on a bus as they were taken away from the scene, and was being used to allow relatives to identify them.  Local buses from the Jewish community were being used to keep elderly residents who had escaped the building warm, and to transport them to other locations.  According to a post on the 'Rockland Fires' Facebook page, the smell of something burning was fire reported, with the fire's status soon being upgraded to a building fire by Spring Valley's Police Department. The nursing home's website says the home is a senior care and assisted living facility with rooms for up to 200 residents. The home is found at 65 Lafayette Street in Spring Valley, which is in Rockland County, New York. Rockland County is in upstate New York, around 45 minutes away from New York City, and has a large Orthodox Jewish community.  'The overnight fire at the Evergreen Court Home for Adults in Spring Valley in Rockland County is deeply alarming and earlier this morning I directed state agencies to assist in the emergency response,' Governor Andrew Cuomo said in a statement. 'Department of Health staff are on site to ensure the safe, appropriate transfer of more than 100 residents to other facilities and facilitate proper notification of families.  'DOH is in contact with multiple providers who have come forward with offers to accept residents and provide additional support as needed.  'The Division of Homeland Security and Emergency Services' Office of Fire Prevention and Control has dispatched State Fire Investigators to assist in the investigation of the cause and origin of the fire, and State Police are on site to support evidence collection.  'The State Office of Emergency Management is in contact with all responding agencies to support as needed. 'On behalf of the family of New York, my heart breaks for those who lost loved ones in the fire, and we pray that anyone else involved is safe.  Anyone who wishes to reach us to inquire about a family member who may have been affected by the fire can call 973-378-1997 or email info@evergreencourtalp.com. Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",2724,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886102753,2021-03-23 03:43:11,Britain's Prince George turns one,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/britains-prince-george-turns-one/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886103164,2021-03-23 03:27:47,Why a western Sydney flood proof bridge that cost taxpayers more than $100million will survive,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391597/Why-western-Sydney-flood-proof-bridge-cost-taxpayers-100million-survive.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 7 A 'floodproof' bridge that cost taxpayers $101million only to be submerged by raging floodwaters would have been impassable even if it was higher.  Only opened a few months ago, the Windsor Bridge in Sydney's west, which sits over the Hawkesbury River, is very close to the floodplain suburb Wilberforce. The river has finally stopped rising as days of torrential rain eased, but the water level is still dropping so it is not yet clear if serious damage was done.  Locals and politicians are outraged the bridge failed but defenders of the overpass have said the flooding was an extreme and rare event that couldn't be stopped. Windsor Bridge (pictured) was billed as 'floodproof' but is now underwater   When the bridge was built last year, the NSW Government said it would be better able to cope with the impacts of flooding than the original structure. Transport for NSW said the new bridge was three metres taller than the old one, but because roads are at river level there was no point building it any higher. The height of the bridge does not matter if the surrounding land goes underwater in a major flood, as cars won't be able to cross it regardless. However, the approach to the bridge on the Thompson Square side is not higher than the ground-floor levels of nearby buildings. 'The new Windsor Bridge has the same flood immunity as the surrounding approach roads on the northern banks,' Transport for NSW told Daily Mail Australia.  'The current flooding event is a rare and extreme event.  The new Windsor Bridge (right) was built higher than and next to the old one (left) The new Windsor Bridge in Sydney's west was sold to locals as being 'flood proof' but is now completely submerged 'It is anticipated the bridge, which is higher and in better condition than the former bridge, will be available to re-open sooner than would have been experienced if the former bridge had not been replaced.' The Roads and Maritime Services said in response to protests over the bridge in 2018 that it had 'significant concerns that in the event of a major flood, the bridge would fail, leaving the residents of Windsor without a safe crossing'. On Monday afternoon almost the entirety of the bridge was submerged, with water levels surpassing 12m, leaving residents stranded on either side. The 'once-in-50-years' storm caused flooding through large parts of NSW and Queensland with emergency services battling to save lives and homes. More than 18,000 people were evacuated and the government called in the army to help assist as it races to defend against rising water. The new Windsor Bridge was described by local federal MP Susan Templeman as an 'absolutely ugly monstrosity, a slab of concrete' The new Windsor Bridge was controversially built near its suburb's namesake in Sydney's west in 2019 despite outrage from locals given its price tag Locals watch on as flood waters rise across large parts of western Sydney Part of Thompson Square, Australia's oldest public square at nearly 150 years old, was destroyed to make way for new roads connecting the bridge. At the time, it was described by local federal MP Susan Templeman as an 'absolutely ugly monstrosity, a slab of concrete'. When the bridge was built, some locals criticised the price tag and the infrastructure linking it requiring the destruction of Thompson Square, Australia's oldest public square. Those roads sit lower than ground floor of nearby houses, which suffered flooding. As a result, the bridge was swamped by huge amounts of water, which has now seen the entire stretch submerged. Flood waters submerge the front yard and garage of a western Sydney home 'I am not an engineer, I only work with them. But the fact that the approaches to the bridge run downhill seems to indicate a design problem,' one observer said of the new Windsor Bridge Locals were divided on social media over the bridge. 'The NSW govt defended the decision to build a new Windsor Bridge (and so destroy the heritage listed, 100 years old bridge) saying it would provide better performance in flood events,' one person tweeted. 'It opened less than a year ago. Today, it is under water and impassable!' Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",722,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886103989,2021-03-23 04:09:33,Critics Tell GOP Rep. Lauren Boebert What To Do With Her ‘Prayers’ After Boulder Shooting,https://www.huffpost.com/entry/lauren-boebert-boulder-colorado-mass-shooting_n_6059968bc5b6bd95117fbc0f,en,False,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"Reporter, HuffPost The QAnon-endorsing lawmaker said her prayers were with everyone “affected by this tragedy” and asked “God be with us as we make sense of this senseless violence, and may we unify and not divide during this time.” For once in your goddamn life stop flapping your thumbs. People like you are directly responsible for MY friends, MY family & MY community being put in harms way. Your anti-science, gun-fetish, ""trigger the libs"" divisive bulls*t needs to stop. NOW. You're literally killing ppl. We don't need G-d to make sense of this for US: you want mass shootings, so we get mass shootings. No pics of you and a bunch of guns this time? Reporter, HuffPost ",118,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886102752,2021-03-23 03:47:11,MoneyWatch: Detroit is one big step closer to emerging from bankruptcy; Verizon to track customers,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/moneywatch-detroit-is-one-big-step-closer-to-emerging-from-bankruptcy-verizon-to-track-customers/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. ,19,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886103163,2021-03-23 03:33:47,Nicola Sturgeon faces no confidence vote over Alex Salmond case,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391701/Nicola-Sturgeon-face-Holyrood-vote-no-confidence.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 4.9k The claims: Alex Salmond has alleged that he was the victim of a politically-motivated SNP campaign over harassment complaints.  Mr Salmond has complained of a conspiracy by senior figures including SNP chief executive Peter Murrell – Ms Sturgeon's husband - and failures by Scottish government officials. And opposition figures believe Ms Sturgeon was aware of the investigation earlier than she disclosed.  The government investigation into Mr Salmond was found to be unlawful after a judge found it had been 'tainted by apparent bias'.  And he was cleared at a criminal trial in March 2020. Nicola Sturgeon was accused of misleading Parliament over when she first learned about the claims against Salmond.  There were also questions over whether she broke the ministerial code by insisting on fighting his judicial review case against the advice of lawyers.  What has the inquiry found? The inquiry has heavily criticised Ms Sturgeon over several elements of the controversy - although the most damaging findings were opposed by SNP members.  The report says her claim that she first heard of 'concerns' about Mr Salmond's behaviour in November 2017 is 'hard to believe'.  It also finds she misled the committee by claiming to have informed Mr Salmond she would not intervene in the investigation during a meeting at her house on April 2, 2018. The committee preferred Mr Salmond and his lawyer's claim that she suggested she would.  In addition, it casts doubt on Ms Sturgeon's account of a meeting she initially 'failed to recollect' with Mr Salmond's aide Geoff Aberdein on March 29, 2018. Finally, the report heavily criticises the Scottish government for frustrating its investigation by failing to provide significant evidence, and delaying the submission of key documents.   What happens next? The Scottish Tories held a  vote of no confidence in Ms Sturgeon today.  However they were soundly defeated because Labour and the Green Party refused to back it. It remains to be seen whether Mr Salmond will choose to launch another attack on his successor.  What about the Hamilton Inquiry yesterday?  The Hamilton Inquiry cleared Ms Sturgeon of breaking the ministerial code in her handling of the complaints against Salmond.  If it had found that she did break the code, Ms Sturgeon would have faced stronger calls for her resignation. The Holyrood Inquiry said it was right that Mr Hamilton ruled on whether she breached the ministerial code.  Nicola Sturgeon tonight comfortably survived a vote of no confidence by 65 to 31 despite despite a damning inquiry finding she misled Parliament over the Alex Salmond row.    The First Minister easily fended off the challenge after the Greens closed ranks with the SNP and Labour opted to abstain rather than back the motion. During a bad-tempered debate before the division, the First Minister accused critics of deciding she was guilty before any evidence had been heard by the cross-party committee. She jibed that she would not be 'bullied out of office' - gloating that she had been cleared by a separate probe carried out by a QC.  Ms Sturgeon said she 'rejects entirely' the idea that she misled Parliament, and was 'at peace with my own conscience' over the extraordinary controversy.   But Ruth Davidson for the Scottish Conservatives told her that the 'honourable thing would be to resign'. The clash came hours after the committee concluded she misled MSPs by giving Mr Salmond the impression she would intervene in his case.  The MSPs said witnesses supported Mr Salmond's account of a meeting she initially 'failed to recollect' in March 2018, and it was 'hard to believe' she had 'no knowledge of any concerns about inappropriate behaviour on the part of Mr Salmond prior to November 2017'. 'If she did have such knowledge, then she should have acted upon it,' the report said.  'If she did have such knowledge, then she has misled the committee.' The committee also delivered a bruising assessment of the Scottish government's 'unacceptable' obstruction of access to crucial material including legal advice.  The findings are in contrast to the verdict of a separate report yesterday, when James Hamilton QC cleared Ms Sturgeon of breaking the ministerial code - despite concluding her account was 'incomplete'.  The committee split down party lines, with the four SNP members objecting to key findings, but crucially the nationalists' usual allies the Greens choosing to side with the opposition. In one key paragraph, the report brands part of Ms Sturgeon's evidence about a meeting with Mr Salmond on April 2, 2018 'an inaccurate account of what happened'. He says that the First Minister suggested she was ready to step in over the handling of complaints against him. 'Taking account of the competing versions of events, the Committee believes that she did in fact leave Mr Salmond with the impression that she would, if necessary, intervene,' the MSPs concluded. 'This was corroborated by (Mr Salmond's lawyer) Duncan Hamilton who was also at the meeting. Her written evidence is therefore an inaccurate account of what happened, and she has misled the Committee on this matter.  'This is a potential breach of the Ministerial Code under the terms of section 1.3 (c).'  The Holyrood inquiry was looking more broadly than Mr Hamilton into how the Scottish government bungled the handling of harassment complaints against Mr Salmond - which resulted in him being awarded more than £500,000. He was later cleared by a trial.  The latest salvo in the extraordinary saga over the Salmond case sparked an immediate war of words across political lines, with the SNP sending out a legion of Sturgeon allies to shore her up. Scots Tory leader Douglas Ross said: 'James Hamilton said it was up to the Scottish Parliament to decide if the First Minister told the truth.  'The verdict of the Parliament committee is in - Nicola Sturgeon misled the public. This sorry affair has already done enough damage. When will someone take responsibility?'  Damon Arnette threatens to kill someone while brandishing gun Howard Stern rips Aaron Rodgers over misleading vaccination comments Hunter seen shockingly kicking horse during Hertfordshire hunt Surveillance footage of two gunmen before killing at Mexico hotel Not guilty verdict after two pit bulls mauled elderly woman to death Owner screams of fright as dog throws squirrel at her Cliff rocks crash down from 120ft-high Dorset coastline Little House on the Prarie star talks upcoming book about the show Travis Scott tells crowd to 'f**k up' fan who 'tried to steal shoe' Two-toed baby sloth surprises zookeepers with speedy birth Driver rescues kitten stuck in car engine during commute to work Miya Ponsetto AKA Soho Karen appears in court charged with hate crime A cross-party committee found Nicola Sturgeon (pictured at Holyrood today) did mislead the Scottish Parliament as it delivered a damning assessment of the handling of the Alex Salmond row Nicola Sturgeon (left) has already dismissed the committee's inquiry into the Alex Salmond (right) inquiry as 'partisan'   Scots Tory leader Douglas Ross made clear today he will push ahead with a vote of no confidence in Ms Sturgeon  Most of the critical findings in the report were decided by majority, with the SNP trying to block them but their usual allies the Greens siding with the opposition.  The committee considered a meeting Nicola Sturgeon had with Alex Salmond's aide Geoff Abberdein on March 29, 2018. She initially 'failed to recollect' the encounter as the first time she was told about complaints against Mr Salmond. The report noted there were 'contradictions as to the purpose' of the meeting and 'what took place'.  'However, the First Minister's failure to recollect this meeting in the weeks following her statement to Parliament on 8 January 2019 and her account of this meeting is at odds with that of Mr Salmond who asserts that Mr Aberdein told him that the First Minister was so informed on 29 March 2018.  'The Committee accepts that there may be differing recollections of this meeting and is not in a position to take a view on whether the former First Minister's or the First Minister's version of events is the more persuasive, although it notes that the former First Minister's version has the benefit of being confirmed by others.'  DID STURGEON AGREE TO INTERVENE IN SALMOND CASE?  The report brands part of Ms Sturgeon's evidence about a meeting with Mr Salmond on April 2, 2018 'an inaccurate account of what happened'. He says that the First Minister suggested she was ready to step in over the handling of complaints against him. 'Taking account of the competing versions of events, the Committee believes that she did in fact leave Mr Salmond with the impression that she would, if necessary, intervene,' the MSPs concluded. 'This was corroborated by (Mr Salmond's lawyer) Duncan Hamilton who was also at the meeting. Her written evidence is therefore an inaccurate account of what happened, and she has misled the Committee on this matter.  'This is a potential breach of the Ministerial Code under the terms of section 1.3 (c).'  WAS STURGEON AWARE OF SALMOND CLAIMS BEFORE NOV 2017?  By a majority, the committee said: 'The Committee finds it hard to believe that the First Minister had no knowledge of any concerns about inappropriate behaviour on the part of Mr Salmond prior to November 2017.  'If she did have such knowledge, then she should have acted upon it. If she did have such knowledge, then she has misled the Committee.'  The report said MSPs were 'concerned' Ms Sturgeon did not disclose details of her meeting with Alex Salmond at her home to the Scottish Government's most senior civil servant, Permanent Secretary Leslie Evans, until June 6 – more than two months after it took place. The report said: 'Given the sensitivities of the matter and the fact that it related to internal government complaints handling, the committee believes that it was inappropriate for the First Minister to continue to meet and have discussions with the former first minister on this topic. 'She should have made the Permanent Secretary aware of her state of knowledge of the complaints and the facts of the meetings at the earliest opportunity after April 2, at which point she should have confirmed that she would cease to have any further contact with Mr Salmond on that subject.' DID STURGEON DEFY LAWYERS TO KEEP FIGHTING SALMOND CASE?  In more split conclusions, the committee noted that lawyers from the Scottish Government had raised 'substantial concerns' about the prospects for the judicial review case from the end of October 2018. It said: 'By October 31 2018, senior external counsel had concluded that the Government would likely lose the judicial review. 'That assessment only worsened as the case progressed and prior contact between the investigating officer and complainers emerged. 'The committee is also concerned that the First Minister decided to proceed with the judicial review despite clear advice that it would likely fail.' In a passage that was agreed by SNP members, the report said: 'The Committee's scrutiny has been significantly impacted by the delays in the provision of information from the Scottish Government and by its constant refusal to release legal advice.'   In the debate, Ms Sturgeon insisted she would have resigned if the Hamilton report had ruled she broke the code. 'There are some in this chamber who decided before a single piece of evidece had been heard that I was guilty,' she said. 'The only thing was what they would find me guilty of.' She said of the allegations against her that 'none of it is supported by the evidence because none of it is true'. Ms Sturgeon declared she was 'at peace with my own conscience', adding: 'If you think you can bully me out of office you are mistaken.' The result was not in doubt after the Greens said they would stick with the SNP, meaning they were guaranteed a majority - 65 votes at Holyrood. Labour widened the margin of victory for Ms Sturgeon by abstaining.  The First Minister said: 'Had Mr Hamilton's report gone the other way, I would have accepted it, had he found that I had breached the code in anything other than the most technical and immaterial of ways, I would have been standing here right now tendering my resignation. 'The integrity of the office I am so privileged to hold really does matter to me. 'The office of First Minister is more important than any temporary incumbent of it.' The committee decided unanimously that Mr Hamilton would make a decision on whether the ministerial code had been broken. However, as well as giving a damning assessment of the Scottish government's handing of complaints, it also took aim specifically at Ms Sturgeon. By a majority, the committee said: 'The Committee finds it hard to believe that the First Minister had no knowledge of any concerns about inappropriate behaviour on the part of Mr Salmond prior to November 2017.  'If she did have such knowledge, then she should have acted upon it. If she did have such knowledge, then she has misled the Committee.'  In another passage that was agreed by SNP members, the report said: 'The Committee's scrutiny has been significantly impacted by the delays in the provision of information from the Scottish Government and by its constant refusal to release legal advice.  'The Committee has been frustrated by the impression that on occasion it has not been given all of the relevant information simply because it has not struck upon all the right questions to ask to lead to the release of a particular additional detail...  'This is an unacceptable position for a parliamentary committee to find itself in when trying to scrutinise the Scottish Government, particularly when both the First Minister and the Permanent Secretary stated there would be full co-operation with the inquiry.'  The report said MSPs were 'concerned' Ms Sturgeon did not disclose details of her meeting with Alex Salmond at her home to the Scottish Government's most senior civil servant, Permanent Secretary Leslie Evans, until June 6 – more than two months after it took place. The report said: 'Given the sensitivities of the matter and the fact that it related to internal government complaints handling, the committee believes that it was inappropriate for the First Minister to continue to meet and have discussions with the former first minister on this topic. 'She should have made the Permanent Secretary aware of her state of knowledge of the complaints and the facts of the meetings at the earliest opportunity after April 2, at which point she should have confirmed that she would cease to have any further contact with Mr Salmond on that subject.' In more split conclusions, the committee noted that lawyers from the Scottish Government had raised 'substantial concerns' about the prospects for the judicial review case from the end of October 2018. It said: 'By October 31 2018, senior external counsel had concluded that the Government would likely lose the judicial review. 'That assessment only worsened as the case progressed and prior contact between the investigating officer and complainers emerged. 'The committee is also concerned that the First Minister decided to proceed with the judicial review despite clear advice that it would likely fail.' The report added that the Scottish Government 'was responsible from an early stage for a serious, substantial and entirely avoidable situation that resulted in a prolonged, expensive and unsuccessful defence' of the legal challenge brought by Mr Salmond. 'The committee finds that this state of affairs is unacceptable by an organisation such as the Scottish Government and that those responsible should be held accountable.' Criticising Permanent Secretary Leslie Evans, it said her office had been responsible for 'co-ordinating the supply of information for the judicial review' and that she was 'one of a few people who had been aware of the prior contact of the investigating officer' with the two female complainers. The report said: 'It must be questioned why the Permanent Secretary in her role and with her knowledge did not ensure that the relevant information was extracted and processed at a much earlier stage. 'This individual failing is as significant as the general corporate failing already described.' The committee said it looked at why the Scottish Government was forced to concede Mr Salmond's judicial review 'in such an embarrassing and costly manner'. It criticised the 'drip feeding of information', with the report stating: 'It is clear that at the start of the judicial review process those within the Scottish Government managing the judicial review and their counsel did not possess a complete picture of events relating to the handling of the complaints against the former First Minister.' Documents which were central to the Scottish Government conceding the judicial review were only identified on December 18 2018. The report said the 'main issues leading to the concession of the judicial review at such a late stage' were the Government's 'failure to recognise in the first place that the prior involvement of the investigating officer was an issue'. The report also noted the 'delays and mistakes in identifying and submitting documents'. It concluded: 'The committee considers that the major flaw in the conduct of this judicial review was the significant failure to identify all the relevant documents at the outset of the judicial review in August 2018. 'It is inexplicable that these were not identified by October 2018 when the issue of prior contact was identified as a concern by counsel. 'The process for recovering of documents was fundamentally flawed and contributed to the awarding of the maximum expenses to the petitioner.' In a slap on the wrists yesterday, Mr Hamilton said it was 'regrettable' that Ms Sturgeon had provided an 'incomplete narrative of events' to the Scottish Parliament about when she knew of complaints against Mr Salmond. The Committee of Inquiry published its dramatic findings today, although many of them were leaked last week The inquiry cast doubt on Nicola Sturgeon's claim that she had not heard any 'concerns' about Alex Salmond's behaviour before a Sky News report in 2017   The inquiry questioned Ms Sturgeon's claims to have 'forgotten' a key meeting when she learned of harassment claims against Alex Salmond  The report condemned the Scottish government for failing to provide documents and leaving large gaps in its evidence.   Nicola Sturgeon said she spoke to him about this – and he 'denied it'. No further action was taken. In 2018, Andrew Marr asked Ms Sturgeon: 'Had you heard any stories about him before it broke in the press?' She responded: 'Obviously, absolutely not. Until, well I've said previously Alex Salmond informed me about these complaints in April, that was the first I had known.' But he said it was down to a 'genuine failure of recollection' and 'not deliberate'.  'I am of the opinion that the First Minister did not breach the provisions of the Ministerial Code in respect of any of these matters,' his report concluded.  A jubilant Ms Sturgeon said she welcomed the 'comprehensive, evidence-based and unequivocal' finding. 'I sought at every stage in this issue to act with integrity and in the public interest.    'Prior to its publication, opposition politicians stressed the importance of respecting and accepting the outcome of Mr Hamilton's independent inquiry, and I committed wholeheartedly to doing so. 'Now that he has reported, it is incumbent on them to do likewise. 'Now that this investigation is complete and its conclusions public, I will continue to devote all of my time and energy to leading Scotland, to helping the country through the pandemic, and to ensuring that as we rebuild from the hardships of the last 12 months, we do everything we can to protect jobs, support our health service and rebuild our communities for the better.' Ms Sturgeon referred herself to the ministerial watchdog in January 2019 and asked Mr Hamilton - a former Director of Public Prosecutions in Ireland - to carry out a probe into her conduct after admitting she had met her predecessor to discuss claims of sexual harassment.  Ms Sturgeon insisted the QC's report showed she was determined to 'not intervene in the process' of complaints at the request of Alex Salmond. But Scottish Conservative leader Douglas Ross said yesterday that Ms Sturgeon was not 'free and clear'. 'The First Minister has been given a pass because it has been judged her 'failure of recollection' was 'not deliberate,' he said. 'I respect Mr Hamilton and his judgement but we cannot agree with that assessment. Nicola Sturgeon did not suddenly turn forgetful. Leaks from the Committee on the Scottish Government's Handling of Harassment Complaints had already suggesting it has concluded it is 'hard to believe' Ms Sturgeon did not know of concerns about her predecessor's behaviour before November 2017, as she has said. The findings come more than two years after it was first established. The cross-party inquiry was set up after a successful judicial review by Mr Salmond resulted in the Scottish Government's investigation being ruled unlawful and 'tainted by apparent bias' in 2019. When the leaks of the committee's findings emerged Ms Sturgeon, who spent eight hours being questioned by MSPs on the matter earlier this month, accused some members of having made their minds up before she had 'uttered a single word of evidence'. She dismissed the 'very partisan leak' as being 'not that surprising'. However Ms Sturgeon should survive if the Tories do push ahead and bring a vote of no confidence in her to Holyrood. That is because the Scottish Greens have already said they will not support such a motion, claiming the Conservatives have shown 'no interest in establishing the truth' by lodging the motion before the report was published.  Speaking yesterday after Mr Hamilton's report was published, Ms Sturgeon said: 'I look forward, if that's the right expression, to the committee report being published tomorrow and we will look at that in great detail. 'But I cannot escape the conclusion that there are some members of that committee, because their public utterances show this, that decided before a single word of evidence had been taken that I was guilty of something and nothing was going to remove them from that view.' The motion of no confidence was tabled by the Scottish Conservatives, although they had hoped to stage the vote tomorrow. It stated: 'That the parliament has no confidence in the first minister, in light of confirmation that the Scottish government ignored legal advice on its prospects of success in Alex Salmond's judicial review case, and multiple credible witnesses indicating that the first minister misled the parliament.' Permanent Secretary Leslie Evans (left) was criticised by the committee. SNP chief executive Peter Murrell (right), Ms Sturgeon's husband, was among those attacked by Mr Salmond during the committee wrangling Scottish Tory leader Douglas Ross insisted it was 'up to the Scottish Parliament to decide if the First Minister has been misleading' Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",3819,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886102751,2021-03-23 03:51:12,Majora Carter: The inspiration of Fanny Lou Hamer,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/majora-carter-the-inspiration-of-fanny-lou-hamer/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886103162,2021-03-23 03:35:53,"Unemployment steady at 5% and 200,000 back on payrolls",https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392187/Unemployment-steady-5-200-000-payrolls.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 140 There were glimmers of hope for the UK labour market today with payroll numbers rising and unemployment holding steady at five per cent. The latest figures show 68,000 more people were on payrolls in February, with the rise now 200,000 over the past three months - although the numbers are still down nearly 700,000 since the start of the pandemic. Meanwhile, the unemployment rate stood at five per cent in the three months to January, according to the Office for National Statistics - barely changed from the previous quarter.  However, worryingly the increase in job vacancies has slowed and is still well below pre-pandemic levels.  The latest figures show 68,000 more people were on payrolls in February, with the rise now 200,000 over the past three months - although the level is still down nearly 700,000 since the start of the pandemic The unemployment rate was five per cent in the three months to January, according to the Office for National Statistics Chancellor Rishi Sunak's decision to extend the Government's furlough scheme is expected to keep unemployment lower than had originally been feared The update was published on the one year anniversary of the UK being plunged into the first coronavirus lockdown. ONS head of economic statistics Sam Beckett said: 'After yet another monthly increase, there were almost 200,000 more employees on payroll in February than three months earlier, although that is still nearly 700,000 down from the start of the pandemic.  'Of the decrease since then, almost two-thirds has been among the under-25s, over half has been in hospitality, and almost a third has been in London.  Overall there were 693,000 fewer workers on payrolls than in February 2020, with more than half – 368,000 jobs – lost in the hospitality sector as lockdowns and restrictions hammered the industry. The ONS added that 123,000 payroll jobs were also lost in the hard-hit retail sector while more than 60 per cent of the total fall over the past year was for those aged under 25 in a sign of the toll taken by the crisis on young workers. The latest figures show the rate of unemployment stood at five per cent between November and January, down from 5.1 per cent in the previous three months. Total unemployment stood at 1.7 million between November and January, up 360,000 over the year, the ONS said. The figures show a slight improvement since the start of the pandemic, with 601,000 vacancies between December and February. This is 26.8 per cent lower than a year earlier but the decline has eased steadily from a near-60 per cent drop last summer, though the ONS said the rate of improvement has slowed in recent months. Official figures published earlier this month showed the economy contracted by 2.9 per cent in January as the lockdown took its toll.  However, this was less than feared and a far cry from the double-digit fall of last April at the height of the first wave of coronavirus.  The Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) recently revised down its forecasts for unemployment to peak at 6.5 per cent by the end of the year – down from previous estimates made in November of 7.5 per cent.  This would equate to 340,000 fewer people out of work than previously thought thanks largely to the decision to extend furlough.  Responding to the latest jobs statistics, Mr Sunak said: 'Coronavirus has caused one of the largest labour market shocks this country has ever faced, which is why protecting, supporting and creating jobs has been my focus throughout this crisis. 'We have taken decisive action with a £352 billion package of support. The continued success of the vaccine rollout provides us with hope for the future and, through our Plan for Jobs, we will continue to support people throughout the months to come.'  Suren Thiru, the head of economics at the British Chambers of Commerce, said the payroll numbers suggested the UK jobs market is 'becoming more resilient'. He said: 'Ongoing wage support, greater clarity provided by the government's roadmap and the adaptations made by some firms to operate under lockdown restrictions helped support higher payroll employment in February. 'Extending furlough will limit the peak in job losses. However, with many firms struggling with the damage done to their cashflow by a year of covid restrictions, unemployment is likely to remain on an upward trajectory until well beyond a full reopening of the economy.'  The ONS statistics show that the number of job vacancies has increased in recent months after crashing at the start of the pandemic Meanwhile, the redundancy rate has fallen but it is still significantly above pre-pandemic levels A recovery in the total number of weekly hours worked in the UK has stalled after the latest national lockdown was imposed in January The latest figures also showed that the nation is still far below pre-pandemic levels of overall hours worked every week.  Between August to October 2020 and November 2020 to January 2021, total actual weekly hours worked saw an increase of eight million, or 0.8 per cent, to 968million hours.  The average actual weekly hours worked increased by 0.4 hours on the quarter to 29.9 hours. However, the recovery in actual hours worked has stalled because of the national lockdown imposed in January.   Meanwhile, redundancies also remain higher than normal but they are now lower than the previous quarter.  In the period between November to January the ONS said that reports of redundancy increased by 7.2 per thousand on the year but decreased by 2.3 per thousands on the preceding three months to 11 per thousand.  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",949,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886103161,2021-03-23 03:56:14,Rescue boat carrying young children capsizes in raging floodwaters that destroyed their home,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392053/Rescue-boat-carrying-young-children-capsizes-raging-floodwaters-destroyed-home.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 12 A family with two young girls are soaked but safe after a dramatic rescue saved them from being swept away in raging floodwaters in Sydney's north-west. Other SES units and Marine Rescue rushed to the scene to rescue the family and three SES personnel on board and ferried them to safety on dry land. Dramatic footage shows two young girls being carried to shore by SES members, where they were examined by paramedics. Two little girls huddle with their parents after the SES boat they were travelling in capsized The exhausted and drenched little girls were seen huddled with their relieved parents wrapped in thermal blankets. The shaken but uninjured family were then ushered into a waiting bus. The SES crew members who ended up in the river were also checked over by paramedics.  Footage showed the capsized boat upside down and barely afloat on the flooded river. Harrowing audio of the mayday call issued by the SES as the drama unfolded was obtained by Nine News.  'There is a boat in the Colo River, two SES members on board, it has capsized, members trapped,' a man can be heard. 'They have been recovered from the water and they've been returned to Sackville.'  A young girl is safely carried to shore by SES personnel during the dramatic rescue The dramatic rescue unfolded on the flooded Hawkesbury River (pictured) near Sackville in Sydney's north-west on Tuesday SES commissioner Carlene York praised the efforts of emergency personnel involved. 'We had to rely solely in boats, which when the river is in flood can be a dangerous exercise,' she told reporters at the scene  'It's particularly dangerous in a fast flowing river... the forces of nature can take over.'  NSW SES has since suspended helicopter and boat evacuations along the Colo River. The river at Upper Colo is currently peaking at 14.62m and is not expected to rise any further as the rainy skies began to clear on Tuesday afternoon. The wet and exhausted girls were seen huddled with their relieved parents wrapped in rescue blankets before the shaken but uninjured family were ushered into a waiting bus Two girls had to be rescued twice from raging floodwaters. Pictured is one of the girls being carried to shore after the rescue boat capsized The rescue boat (pictured) floated down the Hawkesbury River after the vessel overturned 'NSW SES advises along the Colo River to remain vigilant, monitor the situation and in the event that river levels begin to rise again,' an alert states. It's understood 200 remain still stranded along the swollen river with many residents opting to stay rather than evacuate. Around 18,000 NSW residents have evacuated their homes in the last six days, with another 15,000 warned to be on stand-by to do the same. Flood warnings have extended beyond Sydney and the NSW mid north coast. The south coast, far north coast and central west of NSW remain on high alert as a trough passes through the state.  Ten million Australians were under severe weather warnings and 34 local councils declared disaster zones as two major systems collide. Every mainland state and territory except Western Australia is subject to flood and weather warnings with the Australian Defence Force put on emergency standby. The shaken but uninjured family walked to a waiting bus to be assessed further Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",576,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886103160,2021-03-23 04:06:15,Boris Johnson vows to end lockdown 'once and for all' on anniversary of first shutdown,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391303/PM-praises-nation-s-great-spirit-day-mark-Covid-lockdown-anniversary.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 766 Prince Charles today called on Britain to 'remember the lives tragically cut short' by Covid-19 ahead of a national vigil this lunchtime as Boris Johnson marked the first anniversary of the first national lockdown in 2020 by vowing to end them 'once and for all'. The Prime Minister will hold a national minute's silence at midday to remember the 126,000 people who have died during the pandemic as around 10,000 families still grieve their loved-ones. Prince Charles has lent his support to the day of national reflection being held on the anniversary of the first UK lockdown.  In a recorded message, the heir to the throne, who is a patron of end-of-life charity Marie Curie, said: 'We have all been inspired by the resourcefulness we have witnessed, humbled by the dedication shown by so many, and moved, beyond words, by the sacrifices we have seen. 'Whatever our faith or philosophy may be, let us take a moment together to remember those who have been lost, to give thanks for their lives, and to acknowledge the inexpressible pain of parting. In their memory, let us resolve to work for a future inspired by our highest values, that have been displayed so clearly by the people of this country through this most challenging of times.' And in a message released last night, the Prime Minister also urged people to 'also remember the great spirit shown by our nation over this past year', as millions of NHS staff and other critical workers worked tirelessly through the pandemic. While tens of millions of people have worked from home and home-schooled their children during the greatest crisis the country has faced since the Second World War.   Mr Johnson, who was almost killed by Covid-19 himself, added: 'We have all played our part, whether it's working on the front line as a nurse or carer, working on vaccine development and supply, helping to get that jab into arms, home-schooling your children, or just by staying at home to prevent the spread of the virus. 'It's because of every person in this country that lives have been saved, our NHS was protected, and we have started on our cautious road to easing restrictions once and for all.'  As Britain marks and reflects a year since the unprecedented first national lockdown, it also emerged today: Mayor of London Sadiq Khan helps to plant the final two trees in the London Blossom Garden at Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park in London today on the anniversary of the first national lockdown before taking part in a moment of silence Candles are lit during the National Day of Reflection at Blackburn Cathedral, on the anniversary of the first national lockdown A year ago today Boris Johnson urged Britain to 'stay at home,' amid the growing threat of Covid-19, the PM has now praised the nation's efforts over the past 12 months, while vowing to end lockdown 'once and for all' Shelves were emptied on the night lockdown was announced  (Tesco in Sheffield pictured) as Britons rushed to stock up on essentials after being told told stay at home The NHS was also hit by a shortage of PPE that led to a rush to find people who could provide masks, gloves and gowns. Some staff were forced to use bin liners In an echo of Clap for Carers (pictured), Brits are being encouraged to gather on their doorsteps today at 8pm, but instead bring out candles, torches and their phones to create a 'Beacon of Remembrance' - March 23: Prime Minister Boris Johnson announces the first UK lockdown, telling the public they will only be allowed to leave their homes for limited reasons, including food shopping, exercise once per day, medical need and travelling for work when absolutely necessary. All shops selling non-essential goods are told to close, gatherings of more than two people in public are banned, events including weddings - but excluding funerals - are cancelled. - March 24: Mr Hancock reveals that a new Nightingale hospital - with a capacity of 4,000 - is being prepared at the ExCeL Centre in London. - March 25: The Prince of Wales tests positive for coronavirus but is displaying only 'mild symptoms', Clarence House says. - March 27: Mr Johnson and Mr Hancock test positive for Covid-19, while England's chief medical officer Professor Chris Whitty says he has symptoms and is self-isolating. - April 5: The Queen tells the nation if we 'remain united and resolute' in the face of the coronavirus outbreak, 'we will overcome it'. Downing Street says the Prime Minister has been admitted to hospital for tests as a 'precautionary step' as his symptoms persist. - April 6: Downing Street says Mr Johnson's condition has worsened and he is moved to St Thomas' Hospital's intensive care unit. - April 7: Downing Street says the PM's condition remains 'stable' and he is in 'good spirits'. He is later moved from intensive care back to the ward. - April 12: Mr Johnson is discharged from hospital and will continue his recovery at Chequers, Downing Street says. The hospital death toll of people who have tested positive in the UK passes the 10,000 mark. - April 30: In his first Downing Street press conference since being admitted to hospital, Mr Johnson says the country is now 'past the peak of this disease'. - May 4: It is announced the first NHS Nightingale field hospital - at London's ExCeL centre - will be placed on standby. - May 5: The UK's declared death toll from coronavirus rises to more than 32,000, passing Italy's total and becoming the highest in Europe. - May 10: Mr Johnson announces the first easing of England's lockdown, telling people they are allowed to sunbathe in parks and leave the house to exercise more than once a day. - May 18: Everyone aged five and over is made eligible to be tested for coronavirus if they are showing symptoms, which are expanded to included a loss of taste or smell. - May 22: Reports suggest Mr Johnson's senior aide Dominic Cummings allegedly broke the Government's lockdown rules when he was spotted at his parents' property in Durham, where he was recovering from coronavirus symptoms after travelling from his London home with his wife, who also fell ill, and son. - May 23: A second eyewitness tells newspapers they saw Mr Cummings a week earlier in Barnard Castle, a popular tourist location 30 miles away from Durham, during the period he was believed to be self-isolating. - May 25: Mr Cummings defends his actions at a press conference in the Downing Street rose garden, saying he believes he behaved 'reasonably' and does not regret his actions. - May 28: NHS Test and Trace officially launches across England with the help of 25,000 contact tracers, while an accompanying app is still delayed by several weeks. Mr Johnson announces groups of up to six are allowed to meet outside. - May 30: Professor Jonathan Van-Tam says Britain is facing a 'very dangerous moment' with the easing of lockdown restrictions. - June 1: Lockdown measures are eased, with schoolchildren in England in Reception, Year 1 and Year 6 returning to the classroom. - June 16: The cheap steroid dexamethasone is hailed as a major breakthrough as a study suggests it is the first drug to reduce deaths from coronavirus. - June 19: The UK's chief medical officers agree to downgrade the coronavirus alert level from four to three after a 'steady' and continuing decrease in cases in all four nations. - July 3: A list of 73 countries and territories where English tourists can visit without self-isolating on their return is published, including popular short-haul destinations such as Spain, France and Italy. - July 4: Pints are poured in pubs and couples finally say 'I do' as lockdown restrictions are eased across England. - July 17: Mr Johnson eases the work-from-home guidance as he sets out plans for a 'significant return to normality' in England from as early as November. - July 24: Face coverings become mandatory in shops across England, with £100 fines for people who flout the rules. - July 30: People who test positive for coronavirus or display symptoms must now self-isolate for 10 days as Mr Hancock warns of a 'second wave starting to roll across Europe'. - August 3: The Government's Eat Out To Help Out scheme launches, with restaurants, pubs and cafes offering half-price meals to diners during August. - August 24: The Prime Minister issues a plea to parents to send their children back to the classroom when schools reopen. - September 8: Mr Hancock warns of a possible second peak following a 'concerning' rise in the number of cases. Social gatherings of more than six people will be illegal in England from September 14, ministers announce, as the Government seeks to curb the rise in coronavirus cases. - September 17: Baroness Dido Harding denies that the Test and Trace system is failing but acknowledges that a surge in demand is significantly outstripping capacity. - September 18: Mr Johnson warns that a second wave of coronavirus has arrived in the UK. The R number - representing the number of people an infected person will pass the virus to - is estimated to be between 1.1 and 1.4, meaning cases could rise very quickly. - September 21: Chief scientific adviser Sir Patrick Vallance tells a televised briefing the UK could see 50,000 cases a day by mid-October and a daily death toll of 200 or more a month later unless urgent action is taken. - September 22: The Prime Minister prepares to announce new restrictions including a 10pm curfew on pubs, bars and restaurants in England from September 24. Cabinet Office Minister Michael Gove recommends that people now work from home if able to do so. - September 24: A total of 6,634 new coronavirus cases are recorded, the highest single-day figure so far since the outbreak began. - October 12: The Prime Minister launches a three-tier system of local alert levels for England, with the Liverpool City Region the only area to be placed in the Tier 3 - very high - category. - October 31: Mr Johnson announces that people in England will be told to stay at home for four weeks as the country is placed under another national lockdown, with the closure of hospitality and non-essential shops. - November 24: The UK Government and devolved administrations agree on plans allowing families to reunite over the festive period by forming 'Christmas bubbles'. - December 2: England's national lockdown comes to an end and is replaced by a strengthened three-tier system. Meanwhile, the UK becomes the first country in the world to approve the coronavirus vaccine from Pfizer and BioNTech. - December 8: Grandmother Margaret Keenan, 90, becomes the first patient in the world to receive the Pfizer/BioNTech jab as the NHS launches its biggest ever vaccine campaign. - December 14: Mr Hancock tells MPs a new strain of coronavirus has been identified in southern England, with the number of cases involving the new variant 'increasing rapidly'. Tougher restrictions are imposed on London and parts of Essex and Hertfordshire following 'very sharp, exponential rises' in cases. - December 19: The Prime Minister cancels Christmas for almost 18 million people across London and eastern and south-east England by moving them into a newly created Tier 4 for two weeks - effectively returning to the lockdown rules of November - after scientists warn of the rapid spread of the new variant VUI 202012/01. - December 30: It is announced that an additional 20 million people in England will move to the tightest restrictions, making a total of 44 million in Tier 4, or 78% of the population. Meanwhile, a Covid-19 vaccine from Oxford University and AstraZeneca is approved for use in the UK. - January 4 2021: The Covid-19 alert level should be raised to five - the highest setting - a joint recommendation from the UK's chief medical officers says. Later that evening, in a televised address, Mr Johnson announces a third national lockdown for England which will see schools shut to most students and people urged to stay at home to prevent the NHS being overwhelmed by surging coronavirus infections. - January 9 2021: The Queen and Duke of Edinburgh receive their Covid-19 vaccinations and take the unusual step of making a health matter public. - January 19 2021: An estimated one in eight people in England had Covid-19 by December last year, according to antibody data from the Office for National Statistics' Covid-19 Infection Survey. - January 26 2021: According to the Government's measure of the death toll, more than 100,000 people in the UK have now died within 28 days of testing positive for coronavirus since the pandemic began. - February 2 2021: Captain Sir Tom Moore, who raised more than £32 million for the NHS by walking 100 laps of his garden before his 100th birthday during the first national lockdown in April, dies after testing positive for Covid-19. - February 15 2021: Travellers arriving in the UK from countries on the travel ban 'red list' must now quarantine in a Government-approved hotel for 10 days. - February 20 2021: The Prime Minister pledges that all adults will be offered a vaccine by July 31, while those aged 50 and over will be offered one by April 15. - February 22 2021: Mr Johnson announces a road map out of lockdown, with a four-step plan to gradually ease England's restrictions by June 21. - March 8 2021: All children in all year groups return to classrooms in England, with outdoor after-school sports and activities also allowed to restart. People are also allowed to have socially distanced one-to-one meetings with others outdoors in a public space. - March 17 2021: NHS leaders warn there will be a 'significant reduction' in vaccine supply for four weeks from March 29 due to a delay in deliveries from India and the need to retest a batch of 1.7 million doses. The Health Secretary says the vaccination programme remains 'on track' to meet the Government's targets. Meanwhile, European Union chief Ursula von der Leyen threatens to block the export of vaccines to the UK amid an ongoing row over the supply of the Oxford/AstraZeneca jab. - March 19 2021:The Prime Minister receives his first dose of the Oxford/AstraZeneca vaccine at St Thomas' Hospital in central London. - March 20 2021: The Government announces that half of the UK's adult population - some 26,853,407 people aged 18 and over - have received their first dose of the Covid-19 vaccine, as of March 19.   A year ago today the PM addressed the nation at 8pm and told them to stay at home to protect the NHS and avoid the 'devastating impact of this invisible killer'. Twelve months on, the nation will pause in remembrance at midday, with Brits encouraged to stand on their doorsteps at 8pm with phones, candles and torches to signify a 'beacon of remembrance'. More than 250 organisations are supporting the day of reflection, including 82 leaders from religious groups and cross-party politicians, care organisations, charities, businesses, emergency services, public sector bodies and community groups. Mr Johnson, who will observe the minute's silence privately, said: 'The last 12 months has taken a huge toll on us all, and I offer my sincere condolences to those who have lost loved ones. 'Today, the anniversary of the first lockdown, is an opportunity to reflect on the past year – one of the most difficult in our country's history.  'We should also remember the great spirit shown by our nation over this past year. We have all played our part, whether it's working on the front line as a nurse or carer, working on vaccine development and supply, helping to get that jab into arms, home schooling your children, or just by staying at home to prevent the spread of the virus. 'It's because of every person in this country that lives have been saved, our NHS was protected, and we have started on our cautious road to easing restrictions once and for all.' From March 29, the Rule of Six will return for outdoor gatherings, with the Government changing advice from Stay at Home to Stay Local, and a public transport lifted. Next month, should Covid-19 rates continue to fall, non-essential retail and hairdressers will reopen on April 12, along with restaurants and pubs to outdoor customers. May 17 will see hotel, cinemas and play areas reopen, with the Rule of Six dropped out doors, along with the possibility of international travel bans being lifted. June 21 could see all legal limits on social contacts go, along with all restrictions on large events, just in time for the summer.  According to the latest available data from the Office for National Statistics, there have been 618,676 deaths from all causes registered in England and Wales between March 21 2020 and the week ending March 5 2021. The figures also show that, across the UK, 147,681 deaths have now occurred where Covid-19 was mentioned on the death certificate. The Health Foundation calculates that those who died with Covid-19 have lost up to 10 years of life on average, with a total of up to 1.5 million potential years of life lost. Lending his support to the national day of reflection, the Prince of Wales, who is a patron of Marie Curie, said: 'Whatever our faith or philosophy may be, let us take a moment together to remember those who have been lost, to give thanks for their lives, and to acknowledge the inexpressible pain of parting. 'In their memory, let us resolve to work for a future inspired by our highest values, that have been displayed so clearly by the people of this country through this most challenging of times.' Addressing the nation last March 23, Mr Johnson said: 'Without a huge national effort to halt the growth of this virus, there will come a moment when no health service in the world could possibly cope; because there won't be enough ventilators, enough intensive care beds, enough doctors and nurses. 'And as we have seen elsewhere, in other countries that also have fantastic health care systems, that is the moment of real danger. 'To put it simply, if too many people become seriously unwell at one time, the NHS will be unable to handle it - meaning more people are likely to die, not just from Coronavirus but from other illnesses as well. 'So it's vital to slow the spread of the disease because that is the way we reduce the number of people needing hospital treatment at any one time, so we can protect the NHS's ability to cope - and save more lives. 'And that's why we have been asking people to stay at home during this pandemic. 'And though huge numbers are complying – and I thank you all - the time has now come for us all to do more. 'From this evening I must give the British people a very simple instruction - you must stay at home. 'Because the critical thing we must do is stop the disease spreading between households. Ending his speech, Mr Johnson said: 'We will come through it stronger than ever. We will beat the coronavirus and we will beat it together. 'And therefore I urge you at this moment of national emergency to stay at home, protect our NHS and save lives. Thank you.'  Since then the country has undergone varying levels of lockdown, most recently the country returned to strictest measures at the start of January, amid fears of variants and a second wave. Britain's vaccine roll-out has offered a light at the end of the tunnel after a year that saw elderly people and carers forced to shield from loved ones to avoid the virus.  Nearly 28million people have received their first dose of a Covid vaccine to date.  Dr Susan Hopkins, Public Health England strategic response director for Covid-19, said: 'This virus has left no one untouched and it has been the most challenging time both personally and professionally that many of us have ever faced. 'I want to say thank you today to all the public health professionals and key workers who have worked long and difficult hours to help keep the country safe.  'The commitment you have shown is an inspiration to us all.' Rachel Reeves,  Labour's shadow chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, added: 'Today we reflect on what has been a terrible year for our country and the huge sacrifices the British people have made. 'Our thoughts in particular are with those families who have lost loved ones to this terrible virus and will still be grieving. 'As we reflect on the past year, we owe it to those whose lives have been lost to learn the lessons from the pandemic and to build a stronger more secure future for our country.  'A public inquiry into the pandemic will be key to this.' To mark the anniversary, London's skyline will turn yellow with landmarks including the London Eye, Trafalgar Square and Wembley Stadium lighting up at nightfall. Other notable buildings that will be illuminated include Cardiff Castle and Belfast City Hall, while churches and cathedrals will toll bells, light thousands of candles and offer prayers. In Portsmouth, churches will deliver more than 50 boxes of chocolates and cards to local GP surgeries, care homes and schools to thank key workers for their pandemic efforts.  The Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby said: 'This day of reflection is an opportunity to pause and remember all that's happened over the past year, to mourn those who have died but also to give thanks for those who have looked after us and our communities. 'It is a moment to pray together to our Father in Heaven to comfort us in our grief and to lead us into the hope of the risen Christ and the eternal life he promises. 'As we reflect on the pandemic, may He strengthen our resolve to rebuild a kinder, fairer and more compassionate society, may He be with those who are struggling and may He guide us in honouring those we have lost over the past year.' Nursing staff will also pause to say thank you to members of the public for their year of sacrifice, and remember the loss of friends, colleagues and patients. Nursing leader Dame Donna Kinnair said: 'After a year of sacrifices and gestures, great and small, we are taking our turn to thank the public. In a time of loss and fear, they helped us to keep digging deeper. 'We will take a day to remember and reflect – as much about the future we want as the year we've had.'   As Europe is hit with a new wave of coronavirus cases, it was revealed todat face £5,000 fines for going abroad on holiday from Monday. The threat of penalties for leaving the UK without ‘reasonable excuse’ – such as for work or family matters – will remain in place until the end of June. Yesterday it emerged that France is likely to be added by the end of the week to a ‘red list’ of countries requiring hotel quarantine. Health officials are increasingly concerned by a surge in cases of the South African Covid variant across the Channel. A minister even suggested the whole of the continent could be put on the red list because of botched vaccine rollouts. That might mean the need to quarantine after foreign trips would stay in place until at least August. A ‘traffic light’ system is under consideration, allowing restriction-free travel to ‘green’ countries. However, sources stressed no decisions had been taken. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps is leading a taskforce that will report by April 12 on how and when the ban on non-essential travel can be lifted. Under Boris Johnson’s official roadmap it can be no earlier than May 17.  Care minister Helen Whately yesterday repeated official warnings that booking a trip abroad would be ‘premature’. But top scientists yesterday backed allowing foreign holidays this summer. Carl Heneghan, a professor of evidence-based medicine at Oxford University, said: ‘We were allowing people to go on holiday last summer, without any testing programme, and now we have got the vaccination programme and the testing programme. Given that, you have to ask the question, “What will it take if that’s not sufficient?”’ Professor Robert Dingwall, who sits on the Government’s scientific advisory group Nervtag, added: ‘We should have been able to complete the two rounds of vaccinations for the over-50s and clinically vulnerable by the end of April, early May. ‘Add on a couple of weeks for these things to take effect and you wouldn’t really have much of a case for going beyond the end of May [for extending the travel ban].’ However, given the picture in Europe it appears increasingly likely that foreign holidays will be delayed until at least June 21, the same day the Government plans to remove all domestic restrictions. The slow rollout of the vaccination programme in Europe means most countries popular with Britons are unlikely to be declared ‘green’ until late summer. This would make foreign trips impossible for most holidaymakers because of the ten days of quarantine. Putting France on the red list will mean returning British nationals are forced to isolate in an approved hotel at their own expense. Non-British residents will be banned from entering and direct flights will also cease. Exemptions would be made for hauliers to protect trade. Health minister Lord Bethell of Romford yesterday told peers: ‘The possibility is that we will have to red-list all of our European neighbours. But that would be done with huge regret because we are a trading nation.’ Thirty-five countries are on the red list, including the whole of South America, southern Africa, the United Arab Emirates and Qatar. Portugal was on the list but was removed last week. The ban on foreign holidays was implicit because leisure trips abroad were not one of the reasons allowed for leaving the house. But, from Monday it will be officially placed in law at the same time as the ‘stay at home’ message is lifted. The foreign travel ban does not apply to those going to the common travel area of the Channel Islands, Isle of Man and the Republic of Ireland. Exemptions apply to those needing to travel for work, study, for legal obligations or to vote. Births, weddings and visiting a dying relative or close friend also qualify. Damon Arnette threatens to kill someone while brandishing gun Howard Stern rips Aaron Rodgers over misleading vaccination comments Hunter seen shockingly kicking horse during Hertfordshire hunt Surveillance footage of two gunmen before killing at Mexico hotel Not guilty verdict after two pit bulls mauled elderly woman to death Owner screams of fright as dog throws squirrel at her Cliff rocks crash down from 120ft-high Dorset coastline Little House on the Prarie star talks upcoming book about the show Travis Scott tells crowd to 'f**k up' fan who 'tried to steal shoe' Two-toed baby sloth surprises zookeepers with speedy birth Driver rescues kitten stuck in car engine during commute to work Miya Ponsetto AKA Soho Karen appears in court charged with hate crime Step One Part One: March 8 From March 8, all pupils and students will return to schools and colleges across England. So-called wrap-around childcare will also be allowed to resume, paving the way for after and before school clubs to reopen. People will be allowed to meet one other person outside for recreation, for example, to have a picnic or to meet for coffee. Care home residents will be able to have one regular named visitor. The Government's stay at home order will remain in place, with travel for non-essential purposes still banned. Step One Part Two: March 29 From March 29, outdoor gatherings of up to six people or a larger group from up to two households will be allowed. These gatherings will be allowed to happen in private gardens. Outdoor sports like tennis and basketball will be allowed to reopen and people will also be able to take part in formally organised outdoor sports. It is at this point that the Government's stay at home guidance will end, to be replaced by ministers encouraging people to 'stay local'. However, the Government is expected not to define what constitutes local, instead choosing to rely on people using their common sense to decide on journeys. People will still be told to work from home wherever possible while international travel will still be banned unless it is for essential purposes. Step Two: April 12 Nom-essential retail will be allowed to reopen as well as personal care premises like hairdressers, barbers and nail salons. Public buildings like libraries, museums and art galleries will be allowed to welcome back customers. Meanwhile, hospitality venues and outdoor attractions like theme parks will be given the green light to reopen in some form. However, there will still be rules on household mixing: Essentially any activity which involves being indoors will be restricted to members of the same household. Gyms and swimming pools will also reopen from April 12 but only on the basis that people go on their own or with their own household. Pubs and restaurants will be able to reopen but at this point they will only be able to have customers outdoors.  The Government will not be bringing back the old requirement for people to order a substantial meal with alcohol while the old 10pm curfew will be ditched. All customers at hospitality venues will also have to be seated when they order food or drink, with ordering at the bar prohibited. Campsites and holiday lets where indoor facilities are not shared with other households can also reopen but trips must be restricted a single household. Funerals will be allowed to continue with up to 30 people, while the rules on wedding receptions will be eased to allow the number of guests to increase from six to 15. Step Three: May 17 The two household and rule of six requirements for outdoor gatherings will be ditched but gatherings of more than 30 people in places like parks will still be banned. Crucially, mixing indoors will be allowed again. The rule of six or a larger group from up to two households will be allowed to meet. However, this will be kept under review by ministers to see if rules could be relaxed still further. This is also the point at which pubs and restaurants and other hospitality venues will be able to open indoors, with the rule of six and two household limit in place. But groups meeting outdoors at pubs will be allowed to be bigger. Entertainment venues like cinemas and children's play areas will be able to reopen, as will hotels and B&Bs. Indoor adult sports groups and exercise classes can also reopen. Changes will also be made to sporting and performance events in indoor venues with a capacity of 1,000 people or half full Going to a music concert or a sports event and being sat or stood close to thousands of strangers used to be normal life for most of us. And people have been reflecting on their #LastNormalPhoto today with a series of photographs as the UK marks the anniversary of the first national lockdown. Other people tweeted images of them out for dinner with friends or colleagues, at a theatre production or doing a park run with hundreds of other people. Here are some of the best pictures posted under the #LastNormalPhoto hashtag over the past 24 hours - and you can send yours to pictures@mailonline.co.uk: ** Please send us your #LastNormalPhoto to: pictures@mailonline.co.uk **  By DANYAL HUSSAIN FOR MAILONLINE  Today marks one year since the national lockdown came into force amid the outbreak of coronavirus, changing our day-to-day lives in unimaginable ways. There is more optimism about the UK's situation now as we hit day 365 of the lockdown, with the vaccine programme paving the way for a roadmap out of restrictions.  However, this time last year was a much different story, with headlines laying bare the worry and fear that blighted the nation as the pandemic started to gather momentum. Enormous queues snaked around the block outside McDonald's stores across the country as the fast food giant prepared to shut its doors from 7pm that evening.  Fast food chains Greggs, KFC and Nando's followed suit and also announced the closures of their restaurants but it was McDonald's that fearful Britons flocked to. In a televised address to the nation, Johnson told people they should not be meeting friends or family members who do not live in their homes. Announcing the start of the nation's lockdown, the PM said: 'From this evening I must give the British people a very simple instruction - you must stay at home. 'If you don't follow the rules the police will have the powers to enforce them.' On March 23, 2020, coronavirus deaths rose by 54 to 335.  The PM was forced into the draconian move amid fury that many people are still flouting 'social distancing' guidance, with parks and Tube trains in London still busy despite repeated pleas.  Here, MailOnline looks at the events of 12 months ago on the anniversary of the March 23 shutdown.  This time last year, Prime Minister Boris Johnson ordered stringent restrictions on people's movement to slow the spread of the coronavirus, saying people should stay at home unless they are buying food, travelling to work, needing medical care or exercising March 23, 2020: Boris Johnson announces the most draconian lock-down in British peace or wartime history On this day last year, Boris Johnson held an evening press conference where he plunged Britain into a lockdown amid the spread of coronavirus.  Gatherings of more than two people were banned in the most dramatic curbs on freedom ever seen in Britain in time of peace or war, as the government went all out to stop the spread of the killer disease, which had claimed 335 lives at the time. In a grim address to the nation from Downing Street, Mr Johnson said: 'Without a huge national effort to halt the growth of this virus, there will come a moment when no health service in the world could possibly cope; because there won't be enough ventilators, enough intensive care beds, enough doctors and nurses', adding: 'I must give the British people a very simple instruction - you must stay at home'.  People were only allowed leave their homes for essential supplies, medical help, or to travel to work if it is 'absolutely' unavoidable.  Police were given powers to fine those who did not fall into line, and disperse any public gatherings, in measures to curb movement only seen during the Second World War.  Boris Johnson plunged the UK into coronavirus lockdown on March 23 last year - ordering the closure of all shops selling non-essential goods as well as playgrounds and churches  Damon Arnette threatens to kill someone while brandishing gun Howard Stern rips Aaron Rodgers over misleading vaccination comments Hunter seen shockingly kicking horse during Hertfordshire hunt Surveillance footage of two gunmen before killing at Mexico hotel Not guilty verdict after two pit bulls mauled elderly woman to death Owner screams of fright as dog throws squirrel at her Cliff rocks crash down from 120ft-high Dorset coastline Little House on the Prarie star talks upcoming book about the show Travis Scott tells crowd to 'f**k up' fan who 'tried to steal shoe' Two-toed baby sloth surprises zookeepers with speedy birth Driver rescues kitten stuck in car engine during commute to work Miya Ponsetto AKA Soho Karen appears in court charged with hate crime March 23, 2020: Fast-food fans queue at McDonald's drive-thrus for a final meal before burger giant closes all UK branches at 7pm The chain, famous for the Big Mac, shut its branches up and down the UK at 7pm on March 23. Enormous queues snaked around the block in the UK as hungry drive-through customers made one final pilgrimage to the Golden Arches for the foreseeable future.  McDonald's made the 'difficult decision' to temporarily shut down their restaurants from Monday, March 23 as Covid-19 fears escalated. Fast food chains Greggs, KFC and Nando's followed suit and also announced the closures of their restaurants. Vehicles queued to get to the drive-thru at restaurants at Silverlink, Team Valley and Byker. At least ten cars were crammed into the drive-thru space in Tyneside as many enjoyed what a final McDonald's for months to come.  A small number of McDonald's restaurants eventually reopened on May 15 before all stores where reopened in June.  They were opened with several safety measures including social distancing, perspex screens and floor markings.  Like the rest of the restaurant sector, McDonald's shut its doors again in 2021 after the current lockdown was announced. It is set to reopen on April 12.   March 23, 2020: Desperate customers wait for their last McDonald's meal for the foreseeable future at Castleford, West Yorkshire Damon Arnette threatens to kill someone while brandishing gun Howard Stern rips Aaron Rodgers over misleading vaccination comments Hunter seen shockingly kicking horse during Hertfordshire hunt Surveillance footage of two gunmen before killing at Mexico hotel Not guilty verdict after two pit bulls mauled elderly woman to death Owner screams of fright as dog throws squirrel at her Cliff rocks crash down from 120ft-high Dorset coastline Little House on the Prarie star talks upcoming book about the show Travis Scott tells crowd to 'f**k up' fan who 'tried to steal shoe' Two-toed baby sloth surprises zookeepers with speedy birth Driver rescues kitten stuck in car engine during commute to work Miya Ponsetto AKA Soho Karen appears in court charged with hate crime With every UK and Ireland branch of McDonald's set to close from 7pm on March 23 last year, customers flocked for a last meal March 23, 2020: Parents joke about stresses and strains of turning their homes into classrooms  With the news of lockdown, parents across the country rushed to turn their homes into classrooms for home-schooling.  Many resorted to social media to share their frustrations over trying to homeschool their unruly children amid the coronavirus lockdown.  March 23 was the first day pupils were expected to learn from home after UK schools closed for the foreseeable future on the prior Friday.  Millions of stressed out parents were forced to balance working from home with looking after their children, after the Government ruled that only youngsters whose parents are 'key workers' should be allowed to go to school. Mothers and fathers took to Twitter within hours of the 'school day' starting reporting varying degrees of success.  From asking Amazon's Alexa to create timetables and lessons plans to resorting to 'drinking on the job', many parents praised teachers and begged for advice on how to handle the workload.  Exams were cancelled over last summer - leading to chaos and controversy over GCSE and A-Level grades.  Schools were eventually reopened for the new term in the Autumn with several safety measures in place before being closed again on January 5, 2021. They have since reopened, with pupils required to test themselves.   Parents across Britain resorted to social media to share their frustrations over trying to homeschool their unruly children amid the coronavirus lockdown Another parent shared a snap of a meercat carrying multiple young, joking 'this is what homeschooling feels like' Elsewhere Leah joked 'How are all teachers not alcoholics', adding a crying meme to her desperate tweet March 23, 2021: Mayor of Italy's worst-hit town brings his two daughters home from England because UK 'is not taking coronavirus seriously enough'  Giorgio Gori, mayor of Bergamo in Italy's north, said he made the decision to bring his daughters home from school in Taunton and Canterbury after concluding that the UK government was not taking the threat of coronavirus seriously enough. 'And when I saw what the English government was thinking about this problem, I decided to bring them back. 'I think that even if we are at the centre of the epidemic probably they are more secure here than in England.  'I don't understand why the government didn't decide in time to protect their citizens.' Images of Covid patients in Begamo shocked the world last year as Italy briefly became the worst affected country in the world from the virus.    Now, 12 months on, Bergamo is back in lockdown crisis yet again, as Italy struggles with a third wave of infections with hospital ICU wards filling up again. Indian authorities feared a shortage of paracetamol in their own country and restricted its export to the rest of the world, along with several other drugs.  The nation leans on China for almost 70 per cent of the ingredients in its drugs, with the outbreak of the virus leading to significant supply issues.  Though the situation was resolved, the issue of India controlling UK medical supplies reared its head again this week.  Heath Secretary Matt Hancock confirmed that a major slowdown in the UK's vaccine drive forecast for April is due to a delivery of 5million doses of AstraZeneca vaccine from India being delayed in a case of 'vaccine nationalism' as the Asian nation battles rising cases.  March 23, 2020: Reports suggest paracetamol is selling out in pharmacies and stores during the coronavirus outbreak in the UK March 23, 2020: Fit-and-healthy mother, 39, who became face of coronavirus epidemic with harrowing video of her struggling to breathe is released from hospital  Fit-and-healthy Tara Jane Langston became famous worldwide as she described struggling to breathe while warning of the dangers of the killer virus.  A fit and healthy gym goer, from Harrow, west London the mother filmed herself last March gasping for breath in intensive care with oxygen tubes fed into her nose. Describing Covid as 'like having glass in her lungs', it was the first time Britons realised the virus did not just affect old people and sent shockwaves round the country. At the time she was battling Covid, 137 people had died. The latest death toll now stands at 101,887. In an exclusive interview with MailOnline, who first reported Tara's story, the 40-year-old waitress and mother-of-two says there were only a handful of Covid sufferers in hospital when she was being cared for. 'I can honestly say I was lucky to get it when I did, when Covid patients were a rarity, and not now when the hospitals are over-run,' she said, speaking in late January. Mrs Langston, a fit and healthy gym goer, filmed herself last March gasping for breath in intensive care with oxygen tubes fed into her nose Damon Arnette threatens to kill someone while brandishing gun Howard Stern rips Aaron Rodgers over misleading vaccination comments Hunter seen shockingly kicking horse during Hertfordshire hunt Surveillance footage of two gunmen before killing at Mexico hotel Not guilty verdict after two pit bulls mauled elderly woman to death Owner screams of fright as dog throws squirrel at her Cliff rocks crash down from 120ft-high Dorset coastline Little House on the Prarie star talks upcoming book about the show Travis Scott tells crowd to 'f**k up' fan who 'tried to steal shoe' Two-toed baby sloth surprises zookeepers with speedy birth Driver rescues kitten stuck in car engine during commute to work Miya Ponsetto AKA Soho Karen appears in court charged with hate crime March 23, 2020: NHS doctor fighting to save lives on coronavirus frontline moves to motorhome away from his cancer-stricken three-year-old son having chemotherapy  An NHS worker who treats coronavirus patients revealed last year how he made the painstaking decision to help strangers battling the disease over being with his three-year-old son who is battling cancer. Nick Dennison, who works at Frimley Park Hospital in Surrey, made the 'difficult choice' to treat the country's sickest patients, exposing himself to being infected - and explained the personal sacrifices he and other NHS heroes have to make to battle the deadly Covid-19. 'I have had to make the difficult choice: to do my job and save lives of people I don't know, or to be with my son whilst he battles cancer. Alfie hopefully will survive his cancer and chemo, but many people will die from flu. My heart is broken making this decision, but I choose to save the lives of strangers and leave him in the care of my beautiful wife and family. 'Later this week I'll be moving into a motor home and will not be able to take any further part in his care for the next 6 months. 'Bottom line. SOCIALLY ISOLATE or people die in two weeks.' Mr Dennison's post was shared more than 85,000 times, with 12,000 comments. In it, he wrote that he works as a consultant anaesthetist - and this week all anaesthetists are being 're-roled as intensive care doctors'. In late December, Mr Dennison shared a photo of himself getting a coronavirus vaccine.  Although it is unclear if he and his son have been reunited, he revealed in an update that the child is doing 'amazingly well' while liking social media posts suggesting they are together again.  Nick Dennison, who works at Frimley Park Hospital in Surrey, made the 'difficult choice' to treat the country's sickest patients, exposing himself to being infected March 23, 2020: Tokyo Olympics will be postponed until 2021, veteran IOC member Dick Pound says  'The parameters going forward have not been determined, but the Games are not going to start on July 24, that much I know. 'It will come in stages. We will postpone this and begin to deal with all the ramifications of moving this, which are immense.' In more bad news for Olympics fans, sources claimed last week that Japan's government has decided to stage this summer's delayed Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics without overseas spectators. Japanese news agency, Kyodo, reported that concerns among the public over the spread of Covid-19 was a key factor behind the decision. The detection of more contagious variants in many countries was also mentioned as a major reason for shutting the Games off to those outside Japan. Japan's coronavirus vaccination programme has been hampered by a lack of supply and a shortage of specialty syringes needed to inject the population.  The delayed Tokyo Olympics are set to go ahead this summer but without overseas spectators Japan's government are concerned over the potential spread of coronavirus at the Games Britons infected with coronavirus were among thousands of patients taking part in a European coronavirus mega-trial of four experimental therapies.   The AIDS drugs will be trialled with and without an injection of a multiple sclerosis drug known as interferon beta. The drugs were selected after 'showing promise' in early studies in China's epicentre Wuhan at the peak of its COVID-19 outbreak.  At the time, there were no approved treatments or preventive vaccines for COVID-19 and most patients received only supportive care such as breathing assistance.  It is a very different story now with several different vaccines available and millions of people in Britain and around the world receiving their first doses.  Meanwhile, last June Oxford University researchers announced dexamethasone — which costs £5 for a course of treatment — cut the risk of death by up to 35 per cent for infected patients on ventilators and by a fifth for anyone needing oxygen at any point.  World Health Organization (WHO) bosses updated their Covid-19 treatment guidance to include dexamethasone in the wake of the results.  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",7931,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886017738,2021-03-23 00:55:50,WIRES rescues kangaroo from waterway on the east coast of Australia during historic rainstorm,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391685/WIRES-rescues-kangaroo-waterway-east-coast-Australia-historic-rainstorm.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 6 A distressed kangaroo has been found alone in a fast flowing waterway after being swept away during New South Wale's historic rainstorm.  Animal rescue group WIRES and Total Fauna Solutions rescued the Eastern Grey Kangaroo trapped in a raging canal on the east coast of Australia over the weekend.  The discovery was made as wild weather and storms hit the mid-north coast to the Illawarra region on Saturday night.  Animal rescue group WIRES and Total Fauna Solutions collaborated to rescue a kangaroo trapped in a raging waterway on the east coast of Australia  The horrific storm has already caused the evacuation of 17,000 people across New South Wales, and severe flooding in the Sydney metropolitan region.  'The trapped animal was firstly tranquillised to not cause it any further distress before it was successfully lifted out of the channel', WIRES posted on Facebook.   A rescue volunteer safely removed the unconscious kangaroo from the dangerous waterway and released him later that day.  'The animal was checked for injuries and luckily survived the ordeal unscathed', WIRES said.  Animal rescue volunteers tranquilised the kangaroo to not cause it any further distress before being successfully lifted out of the channel WIRES is reminding Australians to keep safe and avoid entering floodwaters as the wet weather continues across the country.  'We ask that you please always follow the advice and directions from the relevant State authorities.'   Other Australians responded to the footage with praise for the rescuers heroic efforts.  'Thank you for helping save our precious wildlife and all the animals', one woman wrote.  'Oh that poor roo looks spent! Thanks for all that you do', another said.  'Credit to these amazing rescuers, who go out of their way to help our beautiful animal population', another commented.  An adult Eastern Grey Kangaroo that had fallen into a fast flowing waterway during New South Wale's historic rainstorm  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",329,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886017737,2021-03-23 01:09:47,Scott Morrison almost breaks down as he condemns Parliament House sex acts,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391101/Scott-Morrison-breaks-condemns-Parliament-House-sex-acts.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 1 An angry and emotional Scott Morrison has condemned the sickening sex acts performed by Coalition staffers in Parliament House - and admits he must show more leadership for women who feel let down by his handling of a succession of sex scandals. A disturbing report on Monday night showed images allegedly shared by senior staffers of solo sex acts inside Parliament House, and allegations of parties involving escorts and 'rent boys'. The report came just weeks after political staffer Brittany Higgins said she was raped inside Parliament House and further revelations of the mistreatment of women came to light - prompting the Prime Minister to hold a press conference on Tuesday. He called on politicians and staff to 'get this house in order' and choked back tears as he spoke about his daughters, wife and mother - adding 'I say to you girls - I will not let you down'.    'They motivate me every day on this issue,' he said. 'And to them, I say to you girls, I will not let you down.'  Prime Minister Scott Morrison broke down as he condemned the sickening sex acts performed by Coalition staffers that emerged on Monday night Prime Minister Scott Morrison with his wife Jenny at the 2021 Australian of the Year Awards in Canberra on January 25. He choked back tears as he spoke about his family on Tuesday - adding 'I say to you girls - I will not let you down' The Prime Minister declined to attend last weekend's March For Justice rally which called for stronger action against a perceived sexist culture in Canberra, and told protesters that they were lucky to live in a country where such rallies could be held. However the latest allegations prompted a more forthright stance. 'I am shocked and disgusted - it is shameful,' Mr Morrison said. 'We must put the politics aside of these things, and we must recognise this problem, acknowledge it and we must fix it.' Mr Morrison broadened out his response, citing not only sexual misconduct allegations but other impediments he said women faced in the workplace, where many complained of being under-valued and underpaid.  'Whether this is unconscious deafness and blindness, or whether it is wilful malevolence that is behind all of this, it must be acknowledged, it must be called out, and it must stop,' the Prime Minister said. 'That is all our job, it is my job, it is my ministers jobs, it is my members and senators jobs, it is your job.' The Prime Minister did become defensive when asked by a Sky News journalist about whether he, as the head of the government, should accept personal culpability and alluded to a sex misconduct complaint with News Corporation. 'Right now, you would be aware that in your own organisation there is a person who has had a complaint made against them or harassment of a woman in a women's toilet,' Mr Morrison said. He said he was aware many Australian women were not happy with his government's response to allegations of sexual misconduct in Canberra.   'I acknowledge many have not liked or appreciated some of my own personal responses to this over the course of the last month, I accept that,' he said.   'Whether that was seeking to openly share how I try and deal with such dramatic events, people might like the fact that I discuss these with my family - they are the closest people in my world to me.'  Mr Morrison was criticised when Ms Higgins came forward with her allegations for saying his wife Jenny had given him new perspective by asking him 'what would you want to happen if it were our girls?'  Sex Discrimination Commissioner Kate Jenkins, tasked with an inquiry into workplace conditions in Parliament House, will address the Coalition party room.  Brittany Higgins at the March 4 Justice on March 15. She shocked Australia when she came forward with allegations she was raped by a male colleague in the office of Defence Minister Linda Reynolds This image shared by a whistleblower shows a man sitting at a desk in Parliament House exposing himself  Industry Minister Karen Andrews says other individuals involved in the scandal should stop hiding and leave. 'I have had an absolute gutful and my conscience will not allow me to remain quiet,' she told reporters. 'There are some specific instances in this building that are absolutely unacceptable. What does it say about an individual that thinks that sort of behaviour is okay?' Mr Morrison hit out at News Corp in the question-and-answer session after his press conference - saying there were new allegations being investigated by the organisation involving the harassment of a woman in a woman's toilet The sexual acts - some of which took place on the desks of federal female MPs - were carried out more than two years ago but only came to light after one of the staffers dobbed the rest of them in. A government source told ABC News on Monday evening one of the staffers was sacked as the bombshell allegations came to light.  A whistleblower shared footage of a staffer performing a sex act on himself inside a female Liberal MPs office. 'We must put the politics aside of these things, and we must recognise this problem, acknowledgment, we must fix it. 'This has been a very traumatic month. It began with Brittany Higgins and her revelations of what took place in this very building. 'I remember that day very well, I was equally shocked and stunned at receiving that use also. 'These events have triggered, right across this building and indeed right across the country, women who have put up with this rubbish and this crap for their entire lives, as their mothers did, as their grandmothers did. 'It has been going on, we have been talking about it in this place for a month, they have been living with it for their entire lives. 'The women listening to me today know that to be true, so as much as it has been a topic of discussion here, and around the country specifically in relation to these disgraceful acts, it is something that has been the lived experience of Australian women for a very long time, and I welcome the spotlight that has now been placed on this. 'I acknowledge that many have not liked or unappreciated some of my own personal responses to this over the course of the last month, I accept that. 'Whether that was seeking to openly share how I try and deal with such dramatic events, people might like the fact I discuss these with my family, they are the closest people in my world to me. Prime Minister Scott Morrison and wife Jenny at the annual Mid Winter Ball at Parliament House in September 2019. He told his family emotionally during Tuesday's press conference: 'They motivate me every day on this issue' 'But is how I deal with things, I always have. I have grown up in a loving and supportive family, and I discussed this is my family and those who are closest to me - no offence was intended by me by saying that I discuss these issues with my wife. 'Equally, that is in no way indicated that these events had not already dramatically affected me already at that point. Equally, I accept that many were unhappy with the labels that are used on the day of the protest. No offence was intended by that either. 'I could have chosen different words, I have already explained those matters in the house. What I am even more concerned about, even more importantly, I acknowledge that many Australians, especially women, believe that I have not heard them, and that greatly distresses me. 'I have been doing a lot of listening over this past month, not for the first time, now is not the time for me to run over whether as a Minister for immigration or a Treasurer, or a Minister for Social Services, the keen interest I have shown in these issues, I'm not going to do that today. Brittany Higgins (pictured) went public with the allegation she was raped by a male colleague inside Defence Minister Linda Reynolds' office in 2019 'Particularly on these issues over the last because of mother I have been listening carefully, I have had many colleagues, I have had many friends and others that I have regular contact with, talk with me openly about the issues, other traumatic things that they have had to deal with over their lifetimes and members of their family. 'Let me tell you what I have heard. Women are too afraid to call out, bad behaviour for fear of losing a job for being intimidated in the workplace. 'That is not OK, it is not their fault, it is the environment we have allowed to be created. Women who are afraid to walk to their car from the train, and they carry their keys in their hand like a knife for fear of being attacked. That is not OK. That is not acceptable. 'In this country, our country as great as Australia, women walk daily that fear. I have heard that women are overlooked, talked over, by men, whether it is in board rooms, meeting rooms, rooms, media conferences, cabinets, or anywhere else. 'Overlooked and treated like they have nothing valuable to contribute. I have heard about being marginalised, women being intimidated, women being belittled, women being diminished, and women being objectified. That is not OK. 'I have heard that women, when offered a job, take the salary offered because they do not feel they can ask for more. Whereas the blokes do. And they get it. That is not OK. 'Whether this is unconscious deafness and blindness, or whether it is wilful malevolence that is behind all of this, it must be acknowledged, it must be called out, and it must stop. 'That is all our job, it is my job, it is my ministers jobs, it is my members and senators jobs, it is your job. 'This is not something that is of a scale that any government can simply change, it is something we must change as a society because we know it happens all over this country, but for me and my house, the house I work in here, then we must take responsibility, it is our problem here, it is our responsibility here, and I'm committed to dealing with that. 'We must do better in this place. All of us, and in our country we must do better. 'Now, forgive me this indulgence, I want women to have at least the same opportunities and the same voice and the same safety as men in this country. 'I have the deepest of vested interest, criticise me if you like for speaking about my daughters, but they are the centre of my life. My wife is the centre of my life. My mother, my widowed mother is the centre of my life. 'They motivate me every day on this issue. They have motivated me my entire life, they have taught me the values and the faith has sustains me every single day in this job. 'Which is why I am here, I owe them everything. And to them I say to you girls, I will not let you down. 'To the many other women who are in this place, who have shared their stories with me, I thank you for your feedback, your honesty, your support, your council, and your courage. 'I know there are plenty of women who work in this building today, whether they be members or senators, investors, shadow ministers, staff, journalists, who say why should I bother? Why should I bother? Why should I not just walk away? 'There has never been a more important time for women to stand in this place. 'I want to see more women in this place, I have done anything to get more women in this place and I intend to do more. I have put more women in my cabinet than any other Prime Minister has before, and I look forward to doing more. I need women to stand with me as we go about this, as we stand together, I needed that you stated this place, I need them to stand right where they are, I did that to continue to blaze the trail right here this place, by their courage and I call for question.' The anonymous source also told Ten News MPs and government staffers used a small prayer room on the upper level of Parliament House to have sex. 'I could probably say there's very little meditation or prayer going on in that room,' he said.  He also claimed prostitutes and 'rent boys' were brought into Parliament House for the pleasure of Coalition MPs. 'Having sex, procuring rent boys... in Parliament House, procured by staffers for MPs,' he told Ten News. A man is pictured pointing at a female Liberal MP's Parliamentary desk in a still from a video. He goes on to commit a lewd sexual act on the desk Mr Morrison was visibly emotional on Tuesday morning as he called on Canberra to 'get this house in order' Sky News reporter Andrew Clennell suggested Mr Morrison's job would be in 'jeopardy' if he was the boss of a business and these allegations had been made 'on your watch'.  Clennell questioned: 'Doesn't it look like you have lost control of your ministerial staff?' Mr Morrison replied: 'I will let you editorialise as you like, Andrew, but if anyone in this room wants to offer up the standards in their own work places as comparison I would invite you to do so.' Mr Morrison then went on to detail an alleged complaint at Clennell's organisation. 'Right now, you would be aware that in your own organisation that there is a person who has had a complaint made against them or harassment of a woman in a women's toilet,' he said.  Finance Minister Simon Birmingham condemned the behaviour on Monday and said those involved would be sacked. 'I am disgusted and appalled,' he said. 'It shows a complete disregard for all that our parliamentary democracy stands for.' 'It also demonstrates an enormous disrespect for the employing member or senator in relation to those staff and those officers. Some staffers have used a small prayer room on the upper level of Parliament House to have sex, a whistleblower said in bombshell revelations The staffer who was fired (left, pictured with Julie Bishop) allegedly filmed himself performing a sexual act inside a female Liberal MP's office 'It equally shows a complete contempt for the Australian taxpayers who have paid the wages for such staff and, in my opinion, any individuals who engaged in such activity ought to prepare to pack their bags and leave the building for good.' 'I don't think they've broken any laws — but morally, they're bankrupt,' he said.   Ten News and The Australian obtained some of the lewd videos and images filmed inside Parliament House. Sex Discrimination Commissioner Kate Jenkins (pictured in 2018) will hand down her final report on inappropriate workplace culture in Parliament House in November Prime Minister Scott Morrison condemned the behaviour in the strongest possible terms and urged anyone who knew of more to come forward. 'Everyone has a right to feel safe at work. The reports aired tonight are disgusting and sickening,' he said. 'It's not good enough, and is totally unacceptable. The people who come to work in this building are better than this. 'The actions of these individuals show a staggering disrespect for the people who work in parliament, and for the ideals the parliament is supposed to represent.' Mr Morrison said he had identified the staff member at the centre of the allegations and terminated his employment immediately. One staffer was confirmed to have been sacked on Monday. Finance Minister Simon Birmingham (pictured)  said the others would also lose their jobs 'I urge anybody with further information to come forward. There is also the serious incident support line that we have established that staff and former staff are encouraged to use,' he said. 'I will have more to say on this and the cultural issues we confront as a Parliament in coming days.'  Senator Birmingham said it further demonstrated the need for the inquiry by Sex Discrimination Commissioner Kate Jenkins into parliament's workplace culture.  Parliament House, Canberra, has been rocked by fresh allegations of sexual depravity as senior Coalition staffers allegedly filmed themselves in sexual acts on female MP's desks and in the Parliamentary prayer room - and shared them on Facebook Messenger Sex Discrimination Commissioner Kate Jenkins is leading a review of workplace culture in Parliament House in the wake of the Brittany Higgins rape allegations. Ms Higgins says she was raped by a former colleague inside Parliament House in March 2019. Ms Jenkins' review is expected to issue a final report in November.       Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",2854,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886017736,2021-03-23 01:09:54,Woman fighting for life after being stung by a jellyfish in Queensland,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391847/Woman-fighting-life-stung-jellyfish-Queensland.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 6 The woman, believed to be aged in her 20s, attended a local medical centre at 12pm with reports of a 'serious sting' off Hayman Island on Tuesday. She was said to be airlifted from the Whitsundays region to a nearby hospital where she will be urgently assessed. Early reports suggest the woman could have been stung a deadly Irukandji jellyfish.  The irukandji jellyfish is tiny - bur remains one of the most feared creatures in the ocean The woman was said to be airlifted from the Whitsundays region to a nearby hospital where she will be urgently assessed Last month, teenager Tommy Johnson was stung by a box jellyfish while swimming with family at Patterson Point in Queensland's far north. He was rushed to Townsville Hospital's Intensive Care Unit, but tragically passed away on March 1, just a few days before turning 18. Johnson's death was the first reported fatality from a box jellyfish sting in Australia stretching back 14 years.  According to Queensland Health, large box jellyfish have been responsible for more 80 reported deaths in Australia. They are said to be 'most prevalent' in the ocean between November and May. *At only 1 – 2cm in diameter the Irukandji may be the smallest jellyfish in the world - yet it remains one of the deadliest creatures *Found in Australia, Bali, Thailand, South Africa and even the United Kingdom * Symptoms can take between 5 – 45 minutes to develop after being stung *Symptoms include headaches, overall body pain, muscular cramps or vomiting *Because of their size, often dubbed the ocean's 'invisible danger' Source: Australian Museum   Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",286,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886102750,2021-03-23 04:02:45,"Feds ""concerned"" about AstraZeneca info on its COVID vaccine trial",https://www.cbsnews.com/news/astrazeneca-vaccine-results-incomplete-view-covid-19/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,"Watch CBSN Live 
 AstraZeneca may have used ""outdated information"" when it released data from a late-stage trial of its COVID-19 vaccine early Monday, federal officials say. The Data and Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) said late in the day it ""was concerned"" about the information the British drug maker made public about the large-scale U.S. trial of the vaccine it developed along with Oxford University. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) said ""The DSMB expressed concern that AstraZeneca may have included outdated information from that trial, which may have provided an incomplete view of the efficacy data. We urge the company to work with the DSMB to review the efficacy data and ensure the most accurate, up-to-date efficacy data be made public as quickly as possible."" AstraZeneca said in a statement on Tuesday that the data released on Monday ""were based on a pre-specified interim analysis with a data cut-off of 17 February. We have reviewed the preliminary assessment of the primary analysis and the results were consistent with the interim analysis."" The drug maker said it was ""completing the validation of the statistical analysis"" and would ""immediately engage with the independent data safety monitoring board (DSMB) to share our primary analysis with the most up to date efficacy data. We intend to issue results of the primary analysis within 48 hours."" Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and the chief medical advisor to President Biden, voiced confidence in the AstraZeneca vaccine itself on Tuesday, but said the pharmaceutical company had put out information that ""was somewhat outdated in the press release, which is somewhat misleading.""  He told ABC News that the NIH had told AstraZeneca ""we wanted the press release to be updated,"" and called the information issued by the company ""rather unfortunate, because it is a good vaccine."" ""It was an unforced error,"" said Fauci. ""This was likely a really good vaccine, and this kind of thing does nothing but casts some doubt about the vaccine and contributes to some hesitancy. When you look at it the data is good."" CBS News medical contributor Dr. David Agus said that while there were 141 coronavirus ""events reported in the clinical trial,"" there were apparently more possible or probably COVID-19 cases detected in participants over several weeks after the data-gathering timeframe for the trial. If included, those cases would bring down the overall vaccine efficacy estimate from what AstraZeneca reported. ""This is the dominant vaccine in the world, and we just questioned the  data around it again,"" he said, noting recent concerns in Europe about  possible links between the AstraZeneca vaccine and blood clots. European  and British regulators, along with the World Health Organization and  AstraZeneca itself, have all closely examined the data on clots and  concluded that the vaccine is safe and effective and, there's no data to  suggest it causes clotting.   AstraZeneca said on Monday that the data from its U.S. study, involving about 30,000 people, showed its vaccine to be 79% effective at preventing symptomatic cases of COVID-19 — including in older adults. There were no severe illnesses or hospitalizations among vaccinated volunteers, compared with five such cases in participants who received placebo shots — a small number, but consistent with findings from Britain and other countries that the vaccine protects against the worst of the disease.  The company intended to file an application with the Food and Drug Administration in coming weeks. There was no word on whether that application would be delayed due to the DSMB's concerns. The government's outside advisers will publicly debate the evidence before the agency makes a decision. Authorization and guidelines for use of the vaccine in the United States will be determined by the Food and Drug Administration and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention after thorough review of the data by independent advisory committees. For Breaking News & Analysis Download the Free CBS News app Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. ",681,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886107158,2021-03-23 04:05:11,"Women fare worse than men after heart attacks, study says",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/women-fare-worse-than-men-after-heart-attacks-study-says/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886107240,2021-03-23 04:19:20,Britons give glimpse of pre-lockdown life with #LastNormalPhoto images,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392255/Britons-glimpse-pre-lockdown-life-LastNormalPhoto-images.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 199 ** Please send us your #LastNormalPhoto to: pictures@mailonline.co.uk **  From being in a crowd of thousands of fans to a romantic meal out with your other half, Britons have been sharing everyday snapshots of life before the first national lockdown on the one-year anniversary of it being announced.  Going to a music concert or a sports event and being sat or stood close to thousands of strangers used to be normal life for most people, but that all changed in March 2020 when Britain was put into the first shutdown.  And people have been reflecting on their #LastNormalPhoto today with a series of photographs - some of which have been posted on Twitter and others sent to MailOnline. Pictures include a packed Stereophonics gig, a concert at the Royal Albert Hall and a full stadium watching Tottenham Hotspur FC.  Other people used images of them out for dinner with friends or colleagues, at a theatre production or doing a park run with hundreds of other people. You can send yours to pictures@mailonline.co.uk, tweet them to @Mailonlinepics or send them via the MailOnline WhatsApp number, 07881 323742. Here are some of the best pictures posted under the #LastNormalPhoto hashtag or sent to MailOnline: Nick Duncan: 'The last festival in Bayonne, thousands packed into this small town for the annual festival' Sue Nitti: 'One World Concert photograph, featuring Glastonbury Male Voice Choir and Glastonbury Brass in Glastonbury Town Hall, Somerset. A packed house, a wonderful night on 8th February 2020 Who would have thought this would be such a normal evening memory to capture' Sally Ann Fawcett: ;My last normal photo was taken when I met Miss World 1970, Jennifer Hosten, at the premiere of the movie Misbehaviour, in London.I am a beauty pageant judge, writer and historian and it is amazing to think that my last 'legal' social occasion was meeting this iconic beauty queen' Jane Osborne: '8 brothers and sisters meeting up for a weekend together' Marieke Thorne: '27th February 2020. My son at soft play. Nothing felt normal after this. This was the last day we enjoyed a care free day out together' Martin Griffiths: 'The last ever gig at the Artrix in Bromsgrove. Its now a Covid Vaccination Centre. The band is Martin Turner's Wishbone Ash' Vicky W: 'We were in Grenada in the Caribbean when the UK went into lockdown. We ended up getting the last commercial flight out, a few days earlier than we intended to come back. Wish we'd stayed in the end!' By DANYAL HUSSAIN FOR MAILONLINE  Today marks one year since the national lockdown came into force amid the outbreak of coronavirus, changing our day-to-day lives in unimaginable ways. There is more optimism about the UK's situation now as we hit day 365 of the lockdown, with the vaccine programme paving the way for a roadmap out of restrictions.  However, this time last year was a much different story, with headlines laying bare the worry and fear that blighted the nation as the pandemic started to gather momentum. Enormous queues snaked around the block outside McDonald's stores across the country as the fast food giant prepared to shut its doors from 7pm that evening.  Fast food chains Greggs, KFC and Nando's followed suit and also announced the closures of their restaurants but it was McDonald's that fearful Britons flocked to. In a televised address to the nation, Johnson told people they should not be meeting friends or family members who do not live in their homes. Announcing the start of the nation's lockdown, the PM said: 'From this evening I must give the British people a very simple instruction - you must stay at home. 'If you don't follow the rules the police will have the powers to enforce them.' On March 23, 2020, coronavirus deaths rose by 54 to 335.  The PM was forced into the draconian move amid fury that many people are still flouting 'social distancing' guidance, with parks and Tube trains in London still busy despite repeated pleas.  Here, MailOnline looks at the events of 12 months ago on the anniversary of the March 23 shutdown.  This time last year, Prime Minister Boris Johnson ordered stringent restrictions on people's movement to slow the spread of the coronavirus, saying people should stay at home unless they are buying food, travelling to work, needing medical care or exercising March 23, 2020: Boris Johnson announces the most draconian lock-down in British peace or wartime history On this day last year, Boris Johnson held an evening press conference where he plunged Britain into a lockdown amid the spread of coronavirus.  Gatherings of more than two people were banned in the most dramatic curbs on freedom ever seen in Britain in time of peace or war, as the government went all out to stop the spread of the killer disease, which had claimed 335 lives at the time. In a grim address to the nation from Downing Street, Mr Johnson said: 'Without a huge national effort to halt the growth of this virus, there will come a moment when no health service in the world could possibly cope; because there won't be enough ventilators, enough intensive care beds, enough doctors and nurses', adding: 'I must give the British people a very simple instruction - you must stay at home'.  People were only allowed leave their homes for essential supplies, medical help, or to travel to work if it is 'absolutely' unavoidable.  Police were given powers to fine those who did not fall into line, and disperse any public gatherings, in measures to curb movement only seen during the Second World War.  Boris Johnson plunged the UK into coronavirus lockdown on March 23 last year - ordering the closure of all shops selling non-essential goods as well as playgrounds and churches  Damon Arnette threatens to kill someone while brandishing gun Howard Stern rips Aaron Rodgers over misleading vaccination comments Hunter seen shockingly kicking horse during Hertfordshire hunt Surveillance footage of two gunmen before killing at Mexico hotel Not guilty verdict after two pit bulls mauled elderly woman to death Owner screams of fright as dog throws squirrel at her Cliff rocks crash down from 120ft-high Dorset coastline Little House on the Prarie star talks upcoming book about the show Travis Scott tells crowd to 'f**k up' fan who 'tried to steal shoe' Two-toed baby sloth surprises zookeepers with speedy birth Driver rescues kitten stuck in car engine during commute to work Miya Ponsetto AKA Soho Karen appears in court charged with hate crime March 23, 2020: Fast-food fans queue at McDonald's drive-thrus for a final meal before burger giant closes all UK branches at 7pm The chain, famous for the Big Mac, shut its branches up and down the UK at 7pm on March 23. Enormous queues snaked around the block in the UK as hungry drive-through customers made one final pilgrimage to the Golden Arches for the foreseeable future.  McDonald's made the 'difficult decision' to temporarily shut down their restaurants from Monday, March 23 as Covid-19 fears escalated. Fast food chains Greggs, KFC and Nando's followed suit and also announced the closures of their restaurants. Vehicles queued to get to the drive-thru at restaurants at Silverlink, Team Valley and Byker. At least ten cars were crammed into the drive-thru space in Tyneside as many enjoyed what a final McDonald's for months to come.  A small number of McDonald's restaurants eventually reopened on May 15 before all stores where reopened in June.  They were opened with several safety measures including social distancing, perspex screens and floor markings.  Like the rest of the restaurant sector, McDonald's shut its doors again in 2021 after the current lockdown was announced. It is set to reopen on April 12.   March 23, 2020: Desperate customers wait for their last McDonald's meal for the foreseeable future at Castleford, West Yorkshire Damon Arnette threatens to kill someone while brandishing gun Howard Stern rips Aaron Rodgers over misleading vaccination comments Hunter seen shockingly kicking horse during Hertfordshire hunt Surveillance footage of two gunmen before killing at Mexico hotel Not guilty verdict after two pit bulls mauled elderly woman to death Owner screams of fright as dog throws squirrel at her Cliff rocks crash down from 120ft-high Dorset coastline Little House on the Prarie star talks upcoming book about the show Travis Scott tells crowd to 'f**k up' fan who 'tried to steal shoe' Two-toed baby sloth surprises zookeepers with speedy birth Driver rescues kitten stuck in car engine during commute to work Miya Ponsetto AKA Soho Karen appears in court charged with hate crime With every UK and Ireland branch of McDonald's set to close from 7pm on March 23 last year, customers flocked for a last meal March 23, 2020: Parents joke about stresses and strains of turning their homes into classrooms  With the news of lockdown, parents across the country rushed to turn their homes into classrooms for home-schooling.  Many resorted to social media to share their frustrations over trying to homeschool their unruly children amid the coronavirus lockdown.  March 23 was the first day pupils were expected to learn from home after UK schools closed for the foreseeable future on the prior Friday.  Millions of stressed out parents were forced to balance working from home with looking after their children, after the Government ruled that only youngsters whose parents are 'key workers' should be allowed to go to school. Mothers and fathers took to Twitter within hours of the 'school day' starting reporting varying degrees of success.  From asking Amazon's Alexa to create timetables and lessons plans to resorting to 'drinking on the job', many parents praised teachers and begged for advice on how to handle the workload.  Exams were cancelled over last summer - leading to chaos and controversy over GCSE and A-Level grades.  Schools were eventually reopened for the new term in the Autumn with several safety measures in place before being closed again on January 5, 2021. They have since reopened, with pupils required to test themselves.   Parents across Britain resorted to social media to share their frustrations over trying to homeschool their unruly children amid the coronavirus lockdown Another parent shared a snap of a meercat carrying multiple young, joking 'this is what homeschooling feels like' Elsewhere Leah joked 'How are all teachers not alcoholics', adding a crying meme to her desperate tweet March 23, 2021: Mayor of Italy's worst-hit town brings his two daughters home from England because UK 'is not taking coronavirus seriously enough'  Giorgio Gori, mayor of Bergamo in Italy's north, said he made the decision to bring his daughters home from school in Taunton and Canterbury after concluding that the UK government was not taking the threat of coronavirus seriously enough. 'And when I saw what the English government was thinking about this problem, I decided to bring them back. 'I think that even if we are at the centre of the epidemic probably they are more secure here than in England.  'I don't understand why the government didn't decide in time to protect their citizens.' Images of Covid patients in Begamo shocked the world last year as Italy briefly became the worst affected country in the world from the virus.    Now, 12 months on, Bergamo is back in lockdown crisis yet again, as Italy struggles with a third wave of infections with hospital ICU wards filling up again. Indian authorities feared a shortage of paracetamol in their own country and restricted its export to the rest of the world, along with several other drugs.  The nation leans on China for almost 70 per cent of the ingredients in its drugs, with the outbreak of the virus leading to significant supply issues.  Though the situation was resolved, the issue of India controlling UK medical supplies reared its head again this week.  Heath Secretary Matt Hancock confirmed that a major slowdown in the UK's vaccine drive forecast for April is due to a delivery of 5million doses of AstraZeneca vaccine from India being delayed in a case of 'vaccine nationalism' as the Asian nation battles rising cases.  March 23, 2020: Reports suggest paracetamol is selling out in pharmacies and stores during the coronavirus outbreak in the UK March 23, 2020: Fit-and-healthy mother, 39, who became face of coronavirus epidemic with harrowing video of her struggling to breathe is released from hospital  Fit-and-healthy Tara Jane Langston became famous worldwide as she described struggling to breathe while warning of the dangers of the killer virus.  A fit and healthy gym goer, from Harrow, west London the mother filmed herself last March gasping for breath in intensive care with oxygen tubes fed into her nose. Describing Covid as 'like having glass in her lungs', it was the first time Britons realised the virus did not just affect old people and sent shockwaves round the country. At the time she was battling Covid, 137 people had died. The latest death toll now stands at 101,887. In an exclusive interview with MailOnline, who first reported Tara's story, the 40-year-old waitress and mother-of-two says there were only a handful of Covid sufferers in hospital when she was being cared for. ‘I can honestly say I was lucky to get it when I did, when Covid patients were a rarity, and not now when the hospitals are over-run,' she said, speaking in late January. Mrs Langston, a fit and healthy gym goer, filmed herself last March gasping for breath in intensive care with oxygen tubes fed into her nose Damon Arnette threatens to kill someone while brandishing gun Howard Stern rips Aaron Rodgers over misleading vaccination comments Hunter seen shockingly kicking horse during Hertfordshire hunt Surveillance footage of two gunmen before killing at Mexico hotel Not guilty verdict after two pit bulls mauled elderly woman to death Owner screams of fright as dog throws squirrel at her Cliff rocks crash down from 120ft-high Dorset coastline Little House on the Prarie star talks upcoming book about the show Travis Scott tells crowd to 'f**k up' fan who 'tried to steal shoe' Two-toed baby sloth surprises zookeepers with speedy birth Driver rescues kitten stuck in car engine during commute to work Miya Ponsetto AKA Soho Karen appears in court charged with hate crime March 23, 2020: NHS doctor fighting to save lives on coronavirus frontline moves to motorhome away from his cancer-stricken three-year-old son having chemotherapy  An NHS worker who treats coronavirus patients revealed last year how he made the painstaking decision to help strangers battling the disease over being with his three-year-old son who is battling cancer. Nick Dennison, who works at Frimley Park Hospital in Surrey, made the 'difficult choice' to treat the country's sickest patients, exposing himself to being infected - and explained the personal sacrifices he and other NHS heroes have to make to battle the deadly Covid-19. 'I have had to make the difficult choice: to do my job and save lives of people I don’t know, or to be with my son whilst he battles cancer. Alfie hopefully will survive his cancer and chemo, but many people will die from flu. My heart is broken making this decision, but I choose to save the lives of strangers and leave him in the care of my beautiful wife and family. 'Later this week I’ll be moving into a motor home and will not be able to take any further part in his care for the next 6 months. 'Bottom line. SOCIALLY ISOLATE or people die in two weeks.' Mr Dennison's post was shared more than 85,000 times, with 12,000 comments. In it, he wrote that he works as a consultant anaesthetist - and this week all anaesthetists are being 're-roled as intensive care doctors'. In late December, Mr Dennison shared a photo of himself getting a coronavirus vaccine.  Although it is unclear if he and his son have been reunited, he revealed in an update that the child is doing 'amazingly well' while liking social media posts suggesting they are together again.  Nick Dennison, who works at Frimley Park Hospital in Surrey, made the 'difficult choice' to treat the country's sickest patients, exposing himself to being infected March 23, 2020: Tokyo Olympics will be postponed until 2021, veteran IOC member Dick Pound says  'The parameters going forward have not been determined, but the Games are not going to start on July 24, that much I know. 'It will come in stages. We will postpone this and begin to deal with all the ramifications of moving this, which are immense.' In more bad news for Olympics fans, sources claimed last week that Japan's government has decided to stage this summer's delayed Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics without overseas spectators. Japanese news agency, Kyodo, reported that concerns among the public over the spread of Covid-19 was a key factor behind the decision. The detection of more contagious variants in many countries was also mentioned as a major reason for shutting the Games off to those outside Japan. Japan's coronavirus vaccination programme has been hampered by a lack of supply and a shortage of specialty syringes needed to inject the population.  The delayed Tokyo Olympics are set to go ahead this summer but without overseas spectators Japan's government are concerned over the potential spread of coronavirus at the Games Britons infected with coronavirus were among thousands of patients taking part in a European coronavirus mega-trial of four experimental therapies.   The AIDS drugs will be trialled with and without an injection of a multiple sclerosis drug known as interferon beta. The drugs were selected after ‘showing promise’ in early studies in China's epicentre Wuhan at the peak of its COVID-19 outbreak.  At the time, there were no approved treatments or preventive vaccines for COVID-19 and most patients received only supportive care such as breathing assistance.  It is a very different story now with several different vaccines available and millions of people in Britain and around the world receiving their first doses.  Meanwhile, last June Oxford University researchers announced dexamethasone — which costs £5 for a course of treatment — cut the risk of death by up to 35 per cent for infected patients on ventilators and by a fifth for anyone needing oxygen at any point.  World Health Organization (WHO) bosses updated their Covid-19 treatment guidance to include dexamethasone in the wake of the results.  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",3065,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886109203,2021-03-23 04:00:00,Merrick Garland is a former judge who brings a fresh spin to a question that's long perplexed Justice Department insiders: What to call the attorney general?,https://www.businessinsider.com/attorney-general-merrick-garland-doj-justice-department-title-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. Justice Department officials and the wider legal community have been facing a dilemma more titular than titillating lately: What to call the new attorney general? It's a question that has lived on from Democratic to Republican administrations and left a trail of awkward introductions in its wake. On the menu of options for the Justice Department leader is Mr. or Mrs. Attorney General, or simply ""general,"" a shorthand that has survived in spite of being grammatically incorrect. But the question of the attorney general's title is proving particularly vexing with Garland. After nearly a quarter-century on the powerful US Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit, the 68-year old Joe Biden appointee brings a fresh spin to the incertitude even as he provides what appears to be a safe fallback option: ""Judge."" Garland does not seem to care about his title, people familiar with his preferences told Insider. Still, protocol matters in Washington, and deciding among the titles can be tricky. ""Mr. Attorney General"" or ""Mrs. Attorney General"" can sound stilted or wordy. While it rolls off the tongue, ""general"" modifies ""attorney"" in the title and is therefore grammatically incorrect. Depending on the audience, former Attorney General William Barr would occasionally pause in meetings to school offenders on the pitfalls of ""general,"" even as he jokingly relished the militaristic title. The attorney general appears unconcerned with the trappings of his new role, including his title. But the ""judge"" title is helpful for Garland's apolitical image as he sets out to restore the independence of the Justice Department on the heels of an era in which Trump appointees intervened in prosecutions to benefit the former president's allies, according to the people who are familiar with attorney general's preferences. Others hold surprisingly strong feelings about what to call an attorney general, especially one who has previously served as a judge. Under the George W. Bush administration, two attorneys general took the helm of the Justice Department with judicial experience. One of them, Michael Mukasey, had previously served as a federal judge in Manhattan, and the other, Alberto Gonzales, had been on the Texas Supreme Court. Both were frequently called ""judge,"" according to people familiar with their Justice Department tenures. ""In the UK they call the attorney general 'attorney,' which struck me as a little more fitting,"" Mukasey told Insider. ""'General' can make you uneasy when there are real generals in the room, as there were on some occasions."" Mukasey said he did not make a point of correcting those who called him ""general."" In interviews, some former officials bristled at the notion of an attorney general going by ""judge,"" seeing it as blurring the line between the Justice Department and the branch of government most closely and regularly engaged in checking the law enforcement agency's power. Others voiced a desire for a shorter honorific, ""just like we have 'justice' for the Supreme Court justices,"" said Jessie Liu, who served as the top federal prosecutor in Washington under the Trump administration. ""It feels like you should have some sort of honorific by which to call senior legal officials in the executive branch, and there isn't a comfortable equivalent,"" said Liu, who was nominated to serve as associate attorney general, the third-ranking Justice Department role.""It's awkward."" Under the Obama administration, then-Attorney General Eric Holder brought experience as a judge on the DC Superior Court. But Holder was also more than 15 years removed from his judgeship by the time the Senate confirmed him in 2009 to lead the Justice Department. Holder was called ""Mr. Attorney General"" or just ""sir"" within the Justice Department, a former aide said, adding that he did not correct those who called him ""general."" The uncertainty doesn't stop with the attorney general. Directly below the top Justice Department leader are a deputy attorney general and associate attorney general who similarly lack a quick-and-easy title by which others may pay them respect without using a mouthful of words. Liu recalled her preparation for a podcast with then-Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, in which she was to ask questions of the second-ranking Justice Department official. Ahead of the recording, there was debate over how she should refer to Rosenstein. ""Rod"" sounded disrespectful, so the group settled on ""Mr. Deputy Attorney General,"" Liu recalled.  It made for a higher word count. ""That was a lot to say over, and over and over again,"" she said. 
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",853,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886111614,2021-03-23 04:23:46.164864,"The names change every decade, but iconic NBA stars are always reincarnations of Elgin Baylor",https://www.washingtonpost.com/sports/2021/03/22/elgin-baylor-nba-history/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_homepage,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"Every NBA highlight that you see on ESPN every day — every impossible, twisting, hang-in-the-air shot in the lane; every rim-shaking dunk off a fast break; every fluid, high-leaping outside jump shot — was invented by Elgin Baylor. Not some of them. All of them. Baylor, at 6-foot-5 and 225 pounds and able to stay in the air for an hour and a half, begot Julius Erving, who begot Michael Jordan, who begot Kobe Bryant, who begot LeBron James. Elgin is the prototype of the most exciting of basketball styles: the acrobatic midair athlete, whether a scoring guard or a small forward, who makes our hearts leap higher than any 7-foot center, double-digit-assist guard or fundamental craftsman ever has or will. Obituary: Elgin Baylor, highflying Hall of Famer for the Los Angeles Lakers, dies at 86 Baylor is the player whom we, as children, in every generation since his arrival in the NBA in 1958, have been in our dreams — even if we couldn’t jump over the morning newspaper once we woke up. The names have changed each decade, but they are always reincarnations and modifications of Elgin Baylor. Drive the baseline, come up and under the basket, windmill one-handed dunk — Baylor. Drive, triple-pump in the lane, then flick, finger-roll or bank it in after everybody else comes down — Baylor. Soar above 7-footers for an offensive rebound, then head-fake, neutralize them with a shoulder to the chest and beat them back to the rim and draw the foul, too — that was “Rabbit” (for his leaping), and that was “Mr. Inside” (for his ability to dominate bigger players). Stand far outside, isolated on the wing with a defender, an involuntary neck twitch for a trademark as he ball-faked, head-faked, jab-stepped until, finally, his defender undone, he rocketed past in a flash or went straight up to shoot — that was “Tick Tock.” That was Mr. Elgin Baylor. Sally Jenkins: NCAA’s message to women’s basketball players: You’re worth less Too bad Baylor didn’t play his first NBA game until he was 24, when modern stars might already be in their fifth seasons, or you’d find him near the top of every raw-total stat list. And he didn’t get any three-point buckets. Now for the flip side of the truth: The general level of athleticism in Baylor’s era, from 1958 to 1972, was constantly improving but still far from 21st-century levels. Every move Baylor invented has been studied, polished and refined over the past 60 years, so, naturally, tiny tricks of the trade mean a slightly higher percentage of those shots go in the bucket these days. So Baylor’s shooting percentages look a little light. But, remember, defense was rougher and dirtier in those days. Today’s “bump” as a star hangs in the lane was the 1960s’ “whomp” as Baylor was knocked to the floor. Every generation has a better “offhand” dribble, a better crossover or, like the Allen Iverson-patented and now universal palm-the-dribble by holding the ball on the side as you run with it, a perfected way of beating the old rules. If Baylor were around today, he would have to master those new tricks. But we only get to play against our own generation. And, when you live to 86 and haven’t played in 49 years, it’s easy for the gifted present to forget the geniuses of the past who took their sports to new places from which they would never return — or want to. The great Boston Celtics dynasty and the best defender in history — Bill Russell, the only man who could seriously bother Baylor and his Lakers mate Jerry West — prevented Baylor from ending up with several rings, let alone just one. But we should never worry that Baylor’s memory and legacy will ever be disregarded. Elgin Baylor plays every night in every gym in the world. His game — his style of play — became The Game, the modern, jazzed-up, rock-the-roof version that didn’t exist before his arrival in the NBA. Maybe it was born on playgrounds, even D.C. playgrounds. Surely, over the years, Baylor cited those whose moves he mimicked or modified. But none of them averaged 38.3 points, 18.6 rebounds and 4.6 assists, as Baylor did in 1961-62. No one before him forced every teenager like me in America to circle those nationally televised Lakers games, when our eyes wouldn’t leave Baylor except to rivet on West. Since then, the game has borne his mark and, whether every child who gets a basketball for their birthday knows it or not, they dream of being Elgin Baylor — or his latest marvelous modern replicant. The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",792,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886107148,2021-03-23 04:10:13,Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 black box handed over to Malaysian authorities with a price,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-black-box-handed-over-to-malaysian-authorities-with-a-price-1/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886107235,2021-03-23 04:21:47,Australia's biggest media company hits back at Prime Minister Scott Morrison's extraordinary attack,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392173/Australias-biggest-media-company-hits-Prime-Minister-Scott-Morrisons-extraordinary-attack.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 1 Australia's biggest media company has rubbished extraordinary claims by Scott Morrison that a female employee was harassed in a woman's toilet. The prime minister called a press conference on Tuesday to express his disgust at government staffers sharing lewd photos of sexual acts inside Parliament House. Reports aired on Monday night also detailed MPs allegedly having sex with escorts and 'rent boys' in the building's prayer rooms. Mr Morrison made an emotional pledge to improve workplace culture for women in parliament, but minutes later made a sudden allegation about News Corp. 'Right now, you would be aware in your own organisation, there is a person who has had a complaint made against them for harassment of a woman in a women's toilet,' he claimed when questioned by Sky News political editor Andrew Clennell. News Corp Australasian executive chairman Michael Miller has now issued a blunt statement insisting there was no such complaint and the PM was dead wrong. Prime Minister Scott Morrison is pictured during the press conference on Tuesday 'Prime Minister Scott Morrison was wrong today to claim an investigation is under way into a complaint accusing an employee of harassment against a woman in a female toilet,' he said. 'No complaint has been received and News Corp and Sky News are not dealing with a complaint.' Mr Miller said the PM appeared to have conflated unrelated non-sexual matters within the media company and come up with something that never happened. He said News Corp, like most companies, kept such matters confidential but felt compelled to set the record straight.  'Given the Prime Minister's extraordinary public claims made at a press conference broadcast live across the nation, I want to put to rest any suggestion that an employee of our company is being investigated for conduct suggested by Mr Morrison,' he said. Mr Miller said News Corp HR asked staff to discuss their well-being confidentially, given its reporting on sexually inappropriate behaviour at Parliament House. 'The exchange was about a workplace-related issue, it was not of a sexual nature, it did not take place in a toilet and neither person made a complaint,' he said. 'Following those inquiries, our HR team wrote to one of the people involved and the matter was resolved. News Corp Australasian executive chairman Michael Miller has denied the explosive claims 'The Prime Minister appears to have joined these two matters and conflated them into an episode of harassment in a toilet that is under current investigation. 'This is simply untrue and it undermines the principle that people must be able to raise issues safely and in confidence.'  Mr Morrison's outburst came out of the blue as he was grilled by Clennell as to whether he had lost control of his ministerial staff. He bizarrely warned the senior journalist to 'be careful' about airing sexual misconduct allegations about politicians. 'Right now, you would be aware in your own organisation, there is a person who has had a complaint made against them for harassment of a woman in a women's toilet,' Mr Morrison said. 'And that matter is being pursued by your own HR department. So let's not, all of us who sit in glass houses here, start getting into that.'  The prime minister was pressed on how he did not know about the alleged rape of Brittany Higgins inside a ministerial office for more than two years later, yet somehow knew of a private (albeit nonexistent) complaint in a media company. 'That was brought to my attention late last night, and the issue of Brittany Higgins was only brought to my attention on February 15,' he said. 'The suggestion was made by a member of the press gallery that things like this don't happen in the media, and I think that would be unfair.'  The press conference took an angry turn when Sky News political editor Andrew Clennell (pictured) suggested Mr Morrison's job would be in jeopardy if he was the boss of a business and similar allegations had been made 'on your watch'  Prime Minister Scott Morrison was wrong today to claim an investigation is under way into a complaint accusing an employee of harassment against a woman in a female toilet.  No complaint has been received and News Corp and Sky News are not dealing with a complaint. News Corp and Sky News take seriously any issues raised by staff and our utmost priority is to respect their privacy and confidentiality.  This is standard business practice and because of this, we do not normally comment on private matters. However given the Prime Minister's extraordinary public claims made at a press conference broadcast live across the nation, I want to put to rest any suggestion that an employee of our company is being investigated for conduct suggested by Mr Morrison. In recent weeks, following the reporting of matters of sexually inappropriate behaviour at Parliament House, our HR team proactively gave our staff the opportunity to talk to us in confidence about their well-being. I thank those who did so. During these proactive conversations, the News Corp's HR team learned of a verbal exchange between two News Corp employees in Parliament House in Canberra last year.  The exchange was about a workplace-related issue, it was not of a sexual nature, it did not take place in a toilet and neither person made a complaint. Following those inquiries, our HR team wrote to one of the people involved and the matter was resolved. The Prime Minister appears to have joined these two matters and conflated them into an episode of harassment in a toilet that is under current investigation. This is simply untrue and it undermines the principle that people must be able to raise issues safely and in confidence. News Corp has no further statements to make on this matter. Mr Morrison was also asked whether he raised the alleged incident in the media against the wishes of the complainant, but provided no direct response.  Senior cabinet ministers who knew about the alleged rape of Ms Higgins have repeatedly claimed they did not escalate her complaint due to privacy concerns. Labor frontbencher Katy Gallagher was scathing of the prime minister's performance. 'Real leadership is what was needed this morning - but we got the same old PM - angry, defensive, spiteful and calculated,' she said. 'We are all let down by this PM.' Speaking after the press conference on Sky News, Clennell said he was 'gobsmacked' by the comments.   'He needs to clarify why he felt it was OK to breach the confidence of who might have made a complaint,' Clennell added.    This image shared by a whistleblower shows a man sitting at a desk in Parliament House exposing himself  Brittany Higgins at the March 4 Justice on March 15. She shocked Australia when she came forward with allegations she was raped by a male colleague in the office of Defence Minister Linda Reynolds Before the heated clash with Clennell, Mr Morrison had choked back tears as he spoke about his daughters, wife and mother. 'They motivate me every day on this issue,' he said.  'And to them, I say to you girls, I will not let you down.'   A coalition staff member has been sacked for allegedly performing a lewd sex act inside the office of a female Liberal MP. 'I am shocked, and disgusted, it is shameful,' Mr Morrison said. 'We must get our house in order.' The prime minister will meet with all coalition staff later on Tuesday to discuss behavioural issues. Sex Discrimination Commissioner Kate Jenkins, tasked with an inquiry into workplace conditions in Parliament House, will address the coalition party room. Labor slams Scott Morrison for outing an alleged harassment victim in Australia's biggest media organisation – yet claiming to have no knowledge of accusations Brittany Higgins was attacked just 50 metres from the PM's office  Scott Morrison has come under fire from Labor as he was accused of leaking a confidential harassment complaint in a televised media conference.  The prime minister had called the press conference to express his disgust at reports of government staffers sharing lewd photos of sexual acts inside Parliament House, having sex with escorts and 'rent boys' in the premises, and using the prayer room for the same purpose. But in a heated exchange, he became defensive and revealed the complaint when Sky News political editor Andrew Clennell asked whether he had lost control of his ministerial staff.   'Right now, you would be aware in your own organisation, there is a person who has had a complaint made against them for harassment of a woman in a women's toilet,' Mr Morrison said.  His knowledge of the News Corp complaint comes despite him saying he wasn't aware of the alleged rape of media adviser Brittany Higgins on a minister's couch - 50m from his own office - for almost two years.  Labor MP Tanya Plibersek in Question Time asked whether Mr Morrison disclosing a confidential allegation live on air would discourage victims of harassment and sexual assault from coming forward.   Prime Minister Scott Morrison pictured during Question Time on Tuesday. He has hit back at criticism from Labor after he revealed a confidential harassment claim at media giant News Corporation during a televised press conference 'Is it any wonder victims of sexual assault and harassment in this building and around Australia are afraid of coming forward when the prime minister of this country uses a confidential complaint in a nationally televised media conference as a way to try to stop journalists asking questions about these important issues?' Ms Plibersek asked. Mr Morrison replied that he was only trying to highlight how the allegations rocking Canberra in recent weeks were not confined to the political world.  'These things that have been reported are disgusting and shameful,' he said during the debate on the floor of the House of Representatives. 'I was simply making the point - the problems we are experiencing in this country are not found simply in the offices of member for senators and ministers and go well beyond that.' Opposition leader Anthony Albanese also pressed Mr Morrison further on why he had not known about Ms Higgins' allegations for so long.  'If the Prime Minister was really listening to the concerns of women why hasn't he started by listening to the concerns of Brittany Higgins?' Mr Albanese said. '[Why hasn't he] asked his own staff what they knew and when about her reported sexual assault, only metres from his office?' 'We must put the politics aside of these things, and we must recognise this problem, acknowledgment, we must fix it. 'This has been a very traumatic month. It began with Brittany Higgins and her revelations of what took place in this very building. 'I remember that day very well, I was equally shocked and stunned at receiving that use also. 'These events have triggered, right across this building and indeed right across the country, women who have put up with this rubbish and this crap for their entire lives, as their mothers did, as their grandmothers did. 'It has been going on, we have been talking about it in this place for a month, they have been living with it for their entire lives. 'The women listening to me today know that to be true, so as much as it has been a topic of discussion here, and around the country specifically in relation to these disgraceful acts, it is something that has been the lived experience of Australian women for a very long time, and I welcome the spotlight that has now been placed on this. 'I acknowledge that many have not liked or unappreciated some of my own personal responses to this over the course of the last month, I accept that. 'Whether that was seeking to openly share how I try and deal with such dramatic events, people might like the fact I discuss these with my family, they are the closest people in my world to me. Prime Minister Scott Morrison and wife Jenny at the annual Mid Winter Ball at Parliament House in September 2019. He told his family emotionally during Tuesday's press conference: 'They motivate me every day on this issue' 'But is how I deal with things, I always have. I have grown up in a loving and supportive family, and I discussed this is my family and those who are closest to me - no offence was intended by me by saying that I discuss these issues with my wife. 'Equally, that is in no way indicated that these events had not already dramatically affected me already at that point. Equally, I accept that many were unhappy with the labels that are used on the day of the protest. No offence was intended by that either. 'I could have chosen different words, I have already explained those matters in the house. What I am even more concerned about, even more importantly, I acknowledge that many Australians, especially women, believe that I have not heard them, and that greatly distresses me. 'I have been doing a lot of listening over this past month, not for the first time, now is not the time for me to run over whether as a Minister for immigration or a Treasurer, or a Minister for Social Services, the keen interest I have shown in these issues, I'm not going to do that today. Brittany Higgins (pictured) went public with the allegation she was raped by a male colleague inside Defence Minister Linda Reynolds' office in 2019 'Particularly on these issues over the last because of mother I have been listening carefully, I have had many colleagues, I have had many friends and others that I have regular contact with, talk with me openly about the issues, other traumatic things that they have had to deal with over their lifetimes and members of their family. 'Let me tell you what I have heard. Women are too afraid to call out, bad behaviour for fear of losing a job for being intimidated in the workplace. 'That is not OK, it is not their fault, it is the environment we have allowed to be created. Women who are afraid to walk to their car from the train, and they carry their keys in their hand like a knife for fear of being attacked. That is not OK. That is not acceptable. 'In this country, our country as great as Australia, women walk daily that fear. I have heard that women are overlooked, talked over, by men, whether it is in board rooms, meeting rooms, rooms, media conferences, cabinets, or anywhere else. 'Overlooked and treated like they have nothing valuable to contribute. I have heard about being marginalised, women being intimidated, women being belittled, women being diminished, and women being objectified. That is not OK. 'I have heard that women, when offered a job, take the salary offered because they do not feel they can ask for more. Whereas the blokes do. And they get it. That is not OK. 'Whether this is unconscious deafness and blindness, or whether it is wilful malevolence that is behind all of this, it must be acknowledged, it must be called out, and it must stop. 'That is all our job, it is my job, it is my ministers jobs, it is my members and senators jobs, it is your job. 'This is not something that is of a scale that any government can simply change, it is something we must change as a society because we know it happens all over this country, but for me and my house, the house I work in here, then we must take responsibility, it is our problem here, it is our responsibility here, and I'm committed to dealing with that. 'We must do better in this place. All of us, and in our country we must do better. 'Now, forgive me this indulgence, I want women to have at least the same opportunities and the same voice and the same safety as men in this country. 'I have the deepest of vested interest, criticise me if you like for speaking about my daughters, but they are the centre of my life. My wife is the centre of my life. My mother, my widowed mother is the centre of my life. 'They motivate me every day on this issue. They have motivated me my entire life, they have taught me the values and the faith has sustains me every single day in this job. 'Which is why I am here, I owe them everything. And to them I say to you girls, I will not let you down. 'To the many other women who are in this place, who have shared their stories with me, I thank you for your feedback, your honesty, your support, your council, and your courage. 'I know there are plenty of women who work in this building today, whether they be members or senators, investors, shadow ministers, staff, journalists, who say why should I bother? Why should I bother? Why should I not just walk away? 'There has never been a more important time for women to stand in this place. 'I want to see more women in this place, I have done anything to get more women in this place and I intend to do more. I have put more women in my cabinet than any other Prime Minister has before, and I look forward to doing more. I need women to stand with me as we go about this, as we stand together, I needed that you stated this place, I need them to stand right where they are, I did that to continue to blaze the trail right here this place, by their courage and I call for question.' Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",2980,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886114385,2021-03-23 03:00:02,Pandemic Pets,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/learning/pandemic-pets.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by Picture Prompts What memories have you made with your pets this year? Send any friend a story The pandemic saw a surge in pet adoptions that brought much-needed joy to many families in 2020 and beyond. Did you get a new pet to spend time with during quarantine? If so, what kind of pet was it? What memories and bonds have you created with your furry friends — new or old — during this past year? About Picture Prompts Students 13 and older in the United States and the United Kingdom, and 16 and older elsewhere, are invited to comment. All comments are moderated by the Learning Network staff, but please keep in mind that once your comment is accepted, it will be made public.  Advertisement ",131,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886109199,2021-03-23 04:08:05,10 things in tech you need to know today,https://www.businessinsider.com/10-things-in-tech-nfts-musk-bezos-amazon-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. Let's get started.  Have an Amazon Alexa device? Listen to this update by searching ""Business Insider"" in your flash briefing settings.   ",31,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886107142,2021-03-23 04:11:15,Bodies of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 victims to return home,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/bodies-of-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-victims-to-return-home-1/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886115080,2021-03-23 03:24:49,"AstraZeneca May Have Included ‘Outdated Information’ In U.S. Trial Results, NIAID Says",https://www.forbes.com/sites/siladityaray/2021/03/23/astrazeneca-may-have-included-outdated-information-in-us-trial-results-niaid-says/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"The DSMB said AstraZeneca may have included outdated information, which may have provided an incomplete view of the vaccine's effectiveness. NIAID has asked the drugmaker to work with the DSMB to review the vaccine’s effectiveness and ensure the “most accurate, up-to-date efficacy data” is released publicly as soon as possible. The U.S. has not yet approved the AstraZeneca shot for emergency use, however, the drugmaker has said it is preparing to seek the U.S. Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA) approval in the coming weeks. The company says it will share its most up-to-date data with the DSMB immediately and publish the results of its final analysis within 48 hours. Full coverage and live updates on the Coronavirus ",118,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886114685,2021-03-23 02:00:00,"Regeneron Covid-19 Antibody Drug Reduced Risk of Hospitalization, Death by 70% in Late-Stage Trial",https://www.wsj.com/articles/regeneron-covid-19-antibody-drug-reduced-risk-of-hospitalization-death-by-70-in-late-stage-trial-11616479200?mod=pls_whats_news_us_business_f,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,WSJ Membership Customer Service Tools & Features Ads More Dow Jones Products ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886109186,2021-03-23 04:21:05,MORGAN STANLEY: Buy these 10 stocks quickly that will roar higher as M&A heats up - including one with a potential upside of 114%,https://www.businessinsider.com/stocks-to-buy-mergers-acquisitions-targets-heats-up-morgan-stanley-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. M&A is heating up and stock prices are reacting positively to several high-profile spin-offs, which offer investors an opportunity to capture healthy gains, as post-crisis corporate activity restarts, according to Morgan Stanley. Spin-offs are the main attraction, whereby companies carve out units of a parent business into separate entities. For investors, it's important to get that exposure now, as historically, stocks have outperformed between the announcement of a spin-off and its completion. And 62% of companies later under-perform once the spinoff has been finalized, equity strategist Matthew Garman wrote. But, the spin-outs themselves could be hot ticket stocks, and most tend to gain more in value than their parent companies, he added. Close to two-thirds of the new companies outperform the market in the 12 months after completion by a medium average of 12%, Garman said. ""Recent spin-offs have driven strong price moves. Historically, companies announcing spin-offs have outperformed till completion, but afterwards spin-outs outperform the parent,"" the note said. So far, markets are already reacting well to spin-off announcements, with French media conglomerate Vivendi, car-manufacturer Daimler and energy company TechnipFMC are all outperforming the broader market in recent months after making statements of intent. But, not all spin-offs are equal, Morgan Stanley noted, adding that the bigger the deal, the better the outperformance. These are the top ten stocks to buy to capitalize on the increase in spin-offs and other corporate activity as the economy emerges from the COVID-19 pandemic: Equity analyst: Jon Hocking ""Aviva has moved at pace on its disposal program, after announcing its intention to focus on its core operations in the UK, Ireland and Canada in 2020. Since then, Aviva has announced, or completed, disposals of its operations in France, Italy, Singapore (75%), FPIL and Turkey, raising £5.1bn in proceeds after internal loan repayments. If all announced disposals are achieved, this would give Aviva shares significant optionality, even after allowing for the targeted debt reduction."" Equity analyst: Geoff Ruddell We would not be surprised if the shares re-rate ,as it becomes clear that the company is not a 'Reopening loser' and/or as the losses in UK Mobile begin to peter out. But M&A could prove important too. The company announced last September that it is considering a partial IPO of Elkjop, its Nordic division, which could highlight how undervalued the core UK business has become. Elkjop has an impressive long-term track record, dominant market position and scarcity value (other than H&M, there are very few consumer discretionary stocks listed in Scandinavia) so we would expect strong interest in an IPO, if the company were to decide to go down that route. Depending on what multiple one assumes, it is possible to create hypothetical scenarios in which the remainder of Dixons Carphone could be left looking very cheap indeed, in the event that the group decided to go ahead with an IPO of Elkjop (we believe that the UK & Ireland Electricals Division alone is likely to generate around £200m of EBIT this year, we estimate).   Equity analyst: Arthur Sitbon EDF is a play on the nuclear reform (Project Hercule) currently being considered by the French government. The reform would consist of a material change in remuneration mechanism for EDF's nuclear activities, associated with a group reorganization leading to a separately listed EDF Green (a new subsidiary of EDF gathering its wind & solar, electricity distribution, retail and services activities). Assuming Project Hercule goes ahead, we would expect our bull case at €22/sh (~100% upside) to materialise for EDF shares. We assume a 30% probability of our bull case materialising (versus 50% for our base case and 20% for bear case). Equity analyst: Robert Pulleyn We see potential crystallisation of value through asset disposals for more than the market discounts, followed by simplification and focus in the investment case. Positive exposure to power prices will likely provide additional support, and the improved business mix with 17% of EBITDA coming from wind & solar activities by 2025e (and 54% from wind, solar & networks versus 48% in 2020) should be reflected in a premium valuation, given the lower risk/higher growth nature. Furthermore, a higher proportion of renewables should bring ENGIE into the clean energy conversation. This is not currently the case, despite the fact that ENGIE is one of the largest global developers of renewables in gross GW terms. The restructuring dynamic could therefore trigger a further re-rating as it moves towards the clean growth multiple that other integrated stocks command. Equity analyst: Christopher Fremantle Assuming a 15% premium in healthcare and a 25% discount to GAV in offices, we arrive to a target NAV discount of c.25% and therefore a price target of €69. Equity analyst: Jon Hocking We believe that Prudential's de-merger should lead to a narrowing of the stock's valuation gap with AIA. Our analysis suggests that Pru, pro-forma after the intended de-merger and capital raise, is trading at an implied ~15.4x FY22e IFRS earnings – a 27% discount to AIA (covered by Jenny Jiang), its closest and only pan-Asian peer. This is despite our expectation that their EPS growth rates over FY22-25e will be similar. On a FY21e P/EV basis we see Pru's implied multiple at 1.2.x – a 43% discount that we think cannot be justified by the differences in expected FY22e RoEV (14.1% at Pru, 14.9% for AIA). Equity analyst: Edward Stanley Strategic disposals of this kind for portfolio management purposes (also seen in 2014 and 2019) have cemented Rentokil as best-in-class at cash and leverage management over the past cycle. This portfolio cleansing process may not be complete. There remain lower growth, lower margin and high capital intensity portions of the group, such as French Workwear in the Protect & Enhance segment (15% of sales, 13% of EBITA), which management has said is non core and that it may look to divest. Also within this segment for potential disposal are Ambius (commercial plant care), Property care and Dental disposal services. While management has not commented on possible use of proceeds, a potential disposal of this business could drive material margin improvements, catalyse higher rates of acquisitions in Pest and Hygiene with the proceeds and reduce the overall capital intensity of the business, thereby driving a re-rating of the group as a whole. Equity analyst: Robert Pulleyn We rate RWE Overweight and expect a rebound in the stock as the macro rotation shakes out and interest in decarbonization stocks returns from April onwards. We see valuation currently discounting almost no future growth beyond existing known renewables projects, not even for disclosed pipeline and known development. We find this unsustainably cautious. In addition, RWE has positive exposure to rising carbon and power prices as part of the reflation trade, which are currently overlooked in the utilities space and act as an offset to rising yield concerns. RWE has pre-approval from the federal government in the coal exit law, through clause 15-3, to separate its lignite activities into a foundation run by a trustee, which represents the quickest lignite option available to the company. This exit route would accelerate RWE's transition from a majority coal exposed utility pre 2020 to almost a Renewables pure-play. We outline how this could lead to a share price of €45+. Equity analyst: Alvaro Serrano The planned listing of Santander's Brazilian payments business, Getnet, will also increase visibility on Santander's global payments strategy, uncovering the value of the group's 'crown jewel', we believe. Getnet contributes 2.5% of group earnings, but we estimate it could be worth 6-15% of the group, based on current peer multiples. We think improved visibility will drive greater investor focus on the sum of the parts. With Santander on 7.4x PE 2022e, we are overweight the stock. 
                            For you
                           ",1348,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886107135,2021-03-23 04:12:20,Abigail Hernandez back after nine months,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/abigail-hernandez-back-after-nine-months/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886115078,2021-03-23 04:00:00,Climbing The Leadership Ladder? Some Steps You Can’t Afford To Miss,https://www.forbes.com/sites/rodgerdeanduncan/2021/03/23/climbing-the-leadership-ladder-some-steps-you-cant-afford-to-miss/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Navigating your leadership career requires focus and strategy. Here's some expert advice. Dwight Eisenhower gave us great food for thought when he defined leadership as “the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.” Still, the recipe for effective leadership is one of the most elusive questions in the worlds of relationships and organizational behavior.  It’s safe to say that,10,000 years ago, hunter-gatherers practiced leadership differently than people do today. But we don’t need to look that far into the past to see how the practice of leadership has evolved—and continues to do so. The changing roles of women provide a dramatic example. When General Motors was founded in 1908, women couldn’t even vote. Today, a woman is GM’s CEO. In addition, today’s leadership studies include concepts from neuroscience, evolutionary biology and behavioral economics. And in current public dialogue, some subjects—love, justice and happiness come to mind—seem to defy complete description. Leadership seems to be one such subject. Adam took time to talk about their findings. In our consulting work, we often find that when we ask people to describe their strategy, they respond with high-level general descriptions about what the company does, or they dive down into granular details about all their priorities for the next quarter.  What’s missing from these discussions is a concise and simple plan of what the team, division or company overall is trying to achieve in a set time period—the three or four key levers that must be pulled to reach that goal; the three or four main challenges that must be overcome; and a scoreboard for measuring success. Many leaders, regardless of their rank, do not spend enough time on this exercise, even though the return on investment to get it right is immense. This is the art of simplifying complexity, and it‘s a crucial skill of all effective leaders. With effort, it can be learned.  Adam Bryant . “Mission should never be tinkered with,” Sulzberger said. “You mess with mission at your own risk. Tradition needs to be constantly interrogated. Now tradition isn’t necessarily bad. There are traditions that, once you interrogate them, hold up perfectly. And some companies undergoing change will tear up tradition for the sake of tearing up tradition, and that’s a mistake. But traditions also shouldn’t be kept around for their own sake.” It’s a clever shorthand to encourage employees not to simply do things because that’s the way they’ve always been done.  For example, when she was leading A+E Networks, Abbe Raven would regularly host small gatherings for breakfast, lunch, or coffee with employees at different levels. She said: “My opening question was always: ‘If I had been a CEO who came from the outside and you were meeting that CEO for the first time, what would the topics be that you would talk about? What should we change, and what shouldn’t we change?’” . The second is humanity. Although much has been written about the need for leaders to show more humanity and vulnerability, there are still too many whose default mode is command-and-control, who pretend that they know more than everyone else, and who keep their emotional distance. Those approaches don’t work when the future is so uncertain. And any leader who wanted to maintain a wall separating work and personal lives is unable to do so anymore, given that people are working from home and dealing with additional stresses and strains. ",577,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886107130,2021-03-23 04:13:10,"Boston Marathon bombing: Tazhayakov guilty of obstruction, lawyers react",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/boston-marathon-bombing-tazhayakov-guilty-of-obstruction-lawyers-react/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886115075,2021-03-23 04:00:00,Polk Audio Unveils Its New And Affordable Reserve Series Of Loudspeakers,https://www.forbes.com/sites/marksparrow/2021/03/23/polk-audio-unveils-its-new-and-affordable-reserve-series-of-loudspeakers/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Polk Audio has announced the launch of a brand-new range of loudspeakers for a wide selection of uses. The new Reserve Series is a high-performance range of versatile loudspeakers designed to deliver great performance whether they are used for music, movies or gaming. The Reserve Series is part of Polk’s speaker range that’s designed to offer premium-quality speakers at an accessible price point. The range was developed as the result of extensive R&D in advanced materials and acoustic engineering.  Polk Audio says that the Reserve Series is well suited for a wide range of applications, including multi-channel home cinema systems as well as more traditional stereo listening. The whole series consists of nine models, including three floor-standing speakers, three centre channels, two bookshelf models and a wall-mountable height module, designed to offer flexibility in how they are configured. The centre channel speakers are available in three sizes. The R300 centre channel is designed to fit in most AV cabinets, while the R350 is just 5.5-inches tall and can be mounted on a wall. For the first time, Polk is introducing a height module (R900), which can be placed on floor standing-speakers or mounted on a wall. The height module has a toggle switch that tunes the speaker depending on the application, whether that be on-speaker or wall-mounted. The new Polk Reserve Series includes bookshelf speakers The Reserve Series is designed to retain as much of the performance levels of Polk’s Legend flagship speakers at a more affordable price, Polk’s engineers created rigid and internally braced cabinets for the new speakers while leveraging driver and port technologies from the Legend Series to achieve balance and realism thanks to a number of advanced technologies. Decades of tweeter innovation by Polk led to the development of a new 1-inch, high-definition Pinnacle ring radiator tweeter. The Pinnacle tweeter has a finely tuned waveguide, which Polk claims can dramatically improve the dispersion of high-frequency energy, ensuring a broader sweet spot. The company also says that the critically damped rear-chamber stops unwanted resonances and delivers crisp highs without coloration or distortion. The Pinnacle Tweeter is designed for two-channel music listening as well as the multi-channel 3D audio featured on movie soundtracks, sports events and video games soundtracks. The new speakers also feature a Turbine Cone for reproducing midrange frequencies. This combines Polk’s proprietary foam-core driver design with a moulded Turbine geometry. It’s claimed to dramatically increase stiffness and damping but without adding any mass. The upshot of this is a smooth and detailed midrange across the entire bandwidth of the driver, which also happens to be the frequency range that human ears are most sensitive to. The Reserve Series of speakers from Polk Audio include models for every need. Power Port 2.0 is included on the R600 and R700 floor-standing models. It’s a Polk-patented loudspeaker port application that enables bass frequencies to extend more deeply and at higher output levels than traditional ported speakers. The Power Port 2.0 combines the new X-Port and Enhanced Power Port design into a unique loudspeaker application. The port tube base was redesigned in aluminium and sits closer to the floor than previous Power Port designs for added performance characteristics and aesthetics.  The R700 tower speaker model has advanced point-to-point bracing with new Cabinet Resonance Control technology (CRC) that Polk claims can eliminate panel resonances for enhanced detail and clarity. R100 Bookshelf - €549 / £499 / $599 pair R200 Bookshelf - €749 / £649 / $699 pair R300 Centre Channel - €449 / £399 / $399 R350 Slim Centre Channel - €549 / £499 / $549 R400 Centre Channel - €649 / £599 / $599 R500 Tower - €1,299 / £1,199 / $599 R600 Tower - €1,599 / £1,399 / $799 R700 Tower - €2,199 / £1,999 / $999 R900 Height Module - €549 / £499 / $499 pair ",638,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886115070,2021-03-23 04:24:33,It's Time To Bring Greenwashing Under Control,https://www.forbes.com/sites/enriquedans/2021/03/23/its-time-to-bring-greenwashing-undercontrol/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"IMAGE: Adopting a unified, standardized approach, rather than relying on voluntarism that has proven not to work, is a good first step. Thereafter, a horizontal and unequivocal approach by all institutions about the climate emergency must be ensured, making it possible to address issues and priorities based on universally agreed terms and standards. Above all, what is needed is an unequivocally international approach, which will enable decisions, or possibly sanctions, to be taken at the supranational level. Much remains to be done. But this is the most important global task we face. ",93,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886120359,2021-03-23 04:06:11,Stephen Colbert Spots Key Difference Between Biden And Trump On Air Force One Stairs,https://www.huffpost.com/entry/stephen-colbert-biden-trump-air-force-one_n_60597a86c5b6bd95117f9fbb,en,False,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"Overnight Editor, HuffPost Here’s the 2018 moment Colbert referred to:  A HuffPost Guide To Coronavirus Overnight Editor, HuffPost ",20,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886114382,2021-03-23 04:00:02,"Lesson of the Day: ‘In Statehouses, Stolen-Election Myth Fuels a G.O.P. Drive to Rewrite Rules’",https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/learning/lesson-of-the-day-in-statehouses-stolen-election-myth-fuels-a-gop-drive-to-rewrite-rules.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by current events In this lesson, students will examine voting laws being put forth in Republican-led legislatures across the country and make connections to civil rights-era voting history. Send any friend a story “Led by loyalists who embrace former President Donald J. Trump’s baseless claims of a stolen election, Republicans in state legislatures nationwide are mounting extraordinary efforts to change the rules of voting and representation — and enhance their own political clout,” Michael Wines writes in the opening paragraph of the featured article. In this lesson, you will examine the voting measures being put forth in Republican-led legislatures across the country. Then we invite you to make connections between history and today. What do you know about the history of voting laws in the United States? If you have time, you can watch the full 15-minute video. If not, watch until 7:43 for an overview of voting rights history during the civil rights era. As you watch, write down the definition of each of the following terms, how it is relevant to the conversation on voting today and any other information you think is important. Voter fraud Voter suppression Voting Rights Act of 1965 Section 5 preclearance transcript “Seven hours, 45 minutes, and 13 seconds it took for me to vote in Fulton County, Ga. As soon as I saw the line, I hit the stopwatch on my phone. I spent the first couple hours listening to a new Run the Jewels album. And then I ended up listening to the entire discography. And then I started watching season eight of ‘Curb Your Enthusiasm.’ And that’s five hours. It was one o’clock in the morning, and somebody was like, ‘Hey, y’all remember we came to vote yesterday, right?’” “Look at it.” When it comes time to vote in November, would you rather stand in a line like this … “Somebody please help us. We are at our polling place in Atlanta, Fickett Elementary School. The systems are down.” … or like this? “Oh look, there’s no line. There’s no line at all out here in suburban white country.” Seven years ago, a controversial Supreme Court ruling struck down a key part of the Voting Rights Act. “If you hear me, the voting machines were not working.” And after that, many states passed laws that ended up making it harder for people of color to vote. “We have all these barriers that aren’t in place for other people. It’s 2020. Why is it this difficult for someone to go to and vote?” To understand why, we go to Georgia. “I think Georgia has become a kind of hotbed for voting rights questions.” “How voting takes place has become one of the most explosive issues in Georgia. Georgia is the largest state by landmass east of the Mississippi River. It’s dominated by the reality of Atlanta. It’s multicultural. It’s growing. It’s dynamic, this sort of throbbing megalopolis where you’re seeing Democrats in large numbers. And then beyond these urban centers, you have a much more traditional, rural Georgia, where you have seen a massive shift of white voting behavior from conservative Democrat to full-on Republican.” Georgia has historically been a pretty conservative state, but as it becomes more culturally and racially diverse … “In this presidential election, there is some thought that Democrats have a shot here.” … but one fact still remains. “Republicans control the State House. Republicans control the Legislature, and they are free, frankly, to implement the voting laws they see fit.” As Republicans fight to remain in control of the state, some say it’s no longer a fight over who people vote for, but who is allowed to vote. The U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, an independent federal agency, says these are the five most common voter suppression tactics. They happen across the country, but the only state that has ticked every box is Georgia. “The term voter suppression —” “Voter suppression.” “Voter suppression.” “Voter suppression.” ”— embedded in that word is the very question of what the motivation is for these kinds of laws and procedures.” “The Republican argument, that they say, is that they are worried about voter security. They are worried about voter fraud.” “Voter fraud is all too common.” “We don’t have evidence of that.” “And then they criticize us for saying that.” “Federal law actually requires us to make sure that we keep our voter rolls updated, clean, fresh and accurate.” Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger is Georgia’s lead elections official. It’s his job to maintain the state’s voter lists. “Many people don’t realize that, nationwide, about 11 percent of all people move every year. And that’s why you want to update your voter rolls. We just send notices out to people that haven’t voted for a long period of time.” “There’s an argument to be made that purging voter rolls serves a legitimate purpose. And that is to make sure that people are alive. The counter-argument, of course, is that these voter rolls in some states are being aggressively purged by Republicans in an effort to keep them from coming to the polls.” In 2017, 560,000 voters were purged from Georgia’s voter rolls. A report later found that Black voters were purged at a higher rate in more than half of Georgia’s counties. “This is happening in the context of the American South, where there is a long and well-documented history of using trickery.” “The kind of Jim Crow-era — things like poll taxes —” “— voting tests, literacy tests to keep people of color away from the polls.” “You know, it’s important to recognize that, until the 1960s, African-Americans were pretty much shut out of voting in the state of Georgia. That began to change when the Voting Rights Act was passed in 1965.” “Voting Rights Act of 1965 basically says that states cannot make laws that infringe on people’s rights to vote.” A key part of the law with something called Section 5 preclearance, which said — “States with a history of racist legislation cannot make laws that infringe on people of color without the federal government’s permission.” After the Voting Rights Act passed in 1965, the number of African-Americans who registered to vote in Georgia doubled. “It changed Southern politics.” “At the most basic level, bigger participation from Black Americans.” And for a while, that’s how things went. But … “It’s not as if the South loved the preclearance.” Many of the states felt it was an unfair burden, especially when voter participation increased. “What was true is that they, frankly, couldn’t do much about it.” Well, until a challenge to the law brought the issue all the way to the Supreme Court. Announcer: “— the 1965 Voting Rights Act.” [crosstalk] “Shelby v. Holder.” Shelby v. Holder. “I just get wound up when you ask me about voting rights.” Here to help explain is Debo Adegbile, the lawyer who argued that preclearance was still necessary. But the other side argued that the standards used to measure discriminatory voting practices were outdated. In a 5 to 4 decision, the justices ruled to strike down the preclearance, which effectively meant that states could pass new voting laws without federal oversight. “So it was a resounding loss, and perhaps one of the most significant civil rights decisions of the United States Supreme Court in recent memory.” “The decision of Shelby took away the federal government’s most effective tool in regulating state voting rights.” “After the Shelby decision, there were almost immediate attempts to change the way voting works.” Some states passed voting legislation just hours after the ruling. Alabama implemented new voter ID laws. North Carolina eliminated seven days of early voting. And the list goes on. “Without the preclearance provision, there were many, many elections where those discriminatory laws affected our politics.” Voting rights advocates say this was a key ruling that had the power to impact the outcome of an election. And that’s what many believe happened in Georgia in 2018. “The governor’s race in Georgia in 2018 was …” “Bitter.” “On one side, you had …” “I’m Stacey Abrams, and I’m running for governor. I have a boundless belief in Georgia’s future.” “Her strategy was based on signing up people of color. And then on the other side …” “I’m Brian Kemp.” “— because you’re a proud, hardcore Trump conservative on spending, immigration and guns.” “So you had a secretary of state, who had come under criticism for voter suppression, running the election that he’s in.” “That puts them at odds.” “We’ve seen jurisdictions consolidate and close precincts. We’ve seen voter ID laws come into play. There was a system in Georgia called Exact Match, where if your information doesn’t 100 percent match databases that the state uses, that you can be purged from the voter rolls. That tends to target people with ethnic names. A lot of these new suppression schemes seem race-neutral, but they have the same impact.” “Georgia has 159 counties.” “It’s a staggering number of counties.” “And we are hearing reports from all over the state.” [phones ringing] “There was a county in Georgia called Randolph County.” “Randolph County tried to close seven out of nine —” “Seven out of the nine.” “— polling places in a county that’s 60 percent Black.” “Jeff Davis County polling location consolidations. I mean, I should say that, like, this could take a while.” “Chatham County allowed the city of —” [crosstalk] “Fighting voter suppression is very much like fighting a hydra. You chop off one head, and three grows in its place.” Here’s one impact: The 2017 Exact Match law prevented 53,000 Georgians from having their registrations accepted. Nearly 70 percent were Black. “The evidence is very clear to us that the ones most impacted by these new laws are Black Georgians, are people in Democratic communities.” All of this results in a contested election. And then … “But I’m here tonight to tell you, votes remain to be counted.” “Make no mistake, the math is on our side to win this election.” “So Brian Kemp squeaks out a victory.” “And he is now the governor of Georgia. It was two figures who have represented the opposite sides of the voting rights argument.” “The question that dogged Georgia throughout 2018 was whether or not these tactics were fundamentally fair.” “So what happened in 2018 really is a preview, where democracy is under a stress test.” One that may get even more stressed in the lead-up to 2020, with the added elements of coronavirus and a country on edge after nationwide protests. “If you want change in America, go and register to vote. Show up at the polls on June 9.” In April, in response to the pandemic, Georgia Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger sent out absentee ballot applications to nearly seven million registered voters in an attempt to reduce in-person voting. “And what that really has done is it’s taken the pressure off it today, so that instead of having those, you know, million people that were voted absentee show up today, we now have something that is more manageable.” But many of those absentee ballots were never delivered. In Atlanta, this contributed to Election Day wait times that were reminiscent of 2018 and 2016. “We got here before six o’clock this morning.” “Since six this morning. It’s almost 9 a.m., and I have not moved.” In Fulton County, Georgia’s largest, election director Rick Barron had to contend with both a 9,000 percent increase in absentee ballots, and the rollout of a new voting machine system. “We became an absentee-by-mail state. We still had to do our full complement of Election Day infrastructure. We did our early-voting infrastructure. And it stretched us.” With many usual polling sites, like churches and schools, dropping out because of the pandemic, an estimated 16,000 voters in Fulton County were redirected here, to this restaurant, Park Tavern. “Take a look behind me. This is the Park Tavern precinct.” “This polling place is serving multiple locations that are supposed to be separate locations.” And these problems stretched all across metro Atlanta. “The impact of having problems at the voting booth in high-density areas in Georgia means that people of color are going to be disproportionately affected.” One study showed that in communities where more than 90 percent of registered voters were minorities, the average minimum wait time at the polls was 51 minutes. When whites made up more than 90 percent of voters, it was just six minutes. “So how are things running now?” “Well, by and large, they’re running very smoothly throughout the state, except, obviously, Fulton County has had multiple failures.” Each county in Georgia runs its own election, with Georgia’s secretary of state as the top official. But after the massive failures in the primary, a blame game commenced. “They should be embarrassed with their performance.” “Whatever Secretary Raffensperger’s opinion is, he’s the head election official in the state, and he can’t wash his hands of all the responsibility.” “In this environment, incompetence does have the effect of voter suppression.” Things would have looked different before the Shelby decision. Even in an emergency situation like the pandemic, the implementation of all of these changes — new voting machines, poll place closures and the absentee balloting — still would have required federal oversight through Section 5 preclearance, meaning voters of color would have had … “A front-end protection that stops discrimination before it can take root. What we’ve lost with the Shelby County ruling is that, now when changes are made to take account of the public health crisis, they are not being made toward, are those changes harming minority voters.” Which means … “Your only option, now, is to go case by case, to try and find every bad thing that’s happening and try and figure out if you can bring a case to stop it. That’s costly. Litigation is slow. Can they happen quickly enough in proximity to an election to make a difference?” “Voting rights and questions of voter suppression are not limited to the South. It’s happening in Texas, in Wisconsin, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and other places. The political power of 1776 to 1960 was one that excluded huge communities of people in this country. And so history tells us the same thing the current day tells us. If you are Black, brown in this country, to exercise your democratic rights is harder than if you are white. It’s not just a foregone conclusion that everyone who is an American gets to vote.” “You know, this is America. We can put a Tesla in space, but we can’t vote? I mean, what do we think is going to happen in November?” “This is Alex.” “And I’m Kassie.” “We produced this episode of Stressed Elections.” “There’s a lot going on in this election, and we want to make sure we take a deep dive into the major issues. So stick around for the next episodes.” “We’re going to cover voting technology, disinformation and voting by mail.” What voting laws are being proposed, or have passed, in these states? How might these laws affect voter turnout as a whole? How might they affect the turnout of minorities, young people and other typically Democrat-leaning groups, specifically? In your opinion, are these laws a genuine effort toward making voting more secure, as Republicans contend? Or, as others have charged, are they “bad-faith attempts to advance Republican power”? Explain. What connections can you make between voting history and the voting laws Republicans are attempting to pass in statehouses across the country today? Then respond to the following questions, either in a class discussion or on your own in writing: What similarities do you see between these two eras? What important differences exist? How have people of color been disproportionately affected by more restrictive voting laws, both in the past and today? Why do you think this is? Democrats in Congress are attempting to pass federal legislation that would expand voting rights across the country. Based on what you know from history, what role can federal legislation have in securing voting rights? Do you think Congress should pass voting laws at a federal level? Or should states have control over their own laws? Why is the right to vote important in a democracy like the United States? Given this, do you think we should make it easier for people to vote? Or more difficult? About Lesson of the Day Advertisement ",2749,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886107125,2021-03-23 04:14:10,7-year-old boy suffers extreme neglect,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/7-year-old-boy-suffers-extreme-neglect/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886109412,2021-03-23 03:22:50,Sinovac says its vaccine is safe for children as young as 3,https://news.yahoo.com/sinovac-says-vaccine-safe-children-072250025.html,en,True,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"TAIPEI, Taiwan (AP) — Sinovac said its COVID-19 vaccine is safe in children ages 3-17, based on preliminary data, and it has submitted the data to Chinese drug regulators. More than 70 million shots of Sinovac’s vaccine have been given worldwide, including in China. China has approved its use in adults but it has not yet been used in children, because their immune systems may respond differently to the vaccine. Early and mid-stage clinical trials with over 550 subjects showed the vaccine would induce an immune response, Gang Zeng, the medical director at Sinovac, said at a news conference Monday. Two recipients developed high fevers in response to the vaccine, one a 3-year-old and the other a 6-year-old. The rest of the trial subjects experienced mild symptoms, Zeng said. “Showing that the vaccine is safe and would elicit potentially useful immune response against SARS-CoV-2 is very welcomed,” said Eng Eong Ooi, a professor at the Duke NUS Medical school in Singapore who is co-leading the development of a separate COVID-19 vaccine. However, he said the data presented publicly by the company was not enough to give a conclusive answer on the findings. Children are far less likely to be seriously ill with COVID-19, but they are still at risk and can spread the virus. And while vaccination campaigns worldwide have focused on adults, children will need to be immunized to end the pandemic. The Pfizer vaccine is cleared for use starting at age 16 and is being studied in ages 12-16. Moderna has been studying its vaccine in children aged 12 and older, and last week announced a new study testing its use in children younger than 12. State-owned Sinopharm, who has two COVID-19 vaccines, is also investigating the effectiveness of its vaccines in children. The company said in January it had submitted clinical data to regulators, though it was unclear if it was for one or both vaccines. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family Markieff Morris: I love to see the hate! No doubt I took a hard foul which I always do but I've never hit a man with his back turned! Luckily we built different over here. I can take my licks and keep pushing. Joker 1 smooth 0 lol. Source: Twitter ... Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? Mayfield wished OBJ well personally but also made it clear he was happy with the Browns team now sans Beckham The Patriots made three roster moves Monday that suggest more transactions could be coming ahead of Sunday's game against the Browns. ",793,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886109387,2021-03-23 03:41:49,US backs Philippines in standoff over South China Sea reef,https://news.yahoo.com/us-backs-philippines-standoff-over-074149623.html,en,True,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"MANILA, Philippines (AP) — The United States said Tuesday it’s backing the Philippines in a new standoff with Beijing in the disputed South China Sea, where Manila has asked a Chinese fishing flotilla to leave a reef. China ignored the call, insisting it owns the offshore territory. The U.S. Embassy said it shared the concerns of the Philippines and accused China of using “maritime militia to intimidate, provoke, and threaten other nations, which undermines peace and security in the region.” “We stand with the Philippines, our oldest treaty ally in Asia,” the U.S. Embassy in Manila said in a statement. Philippine Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana on Sunday demanded about 200 Chinese vessels he said were militia boats leave the Whitsun Reef, a shallow coral region about 175 nautical miles (324 kilometers) west of Bataraza town in the western Philippine province of Palawan. Philippine officials said the reef, which they call Julian Felipe, is well within the country’s internationally recognized exclusive economic zone, over which the Philippines “enjoys the exclusive right to exploit or conserve any resources.” The Philippine coast guard spotted about 220 Chinese vessels moored at the reef, which Beijing and Vietnam also claim, on March 7. On Monday, a surveillance aircraft spotted 183 Chinese vessels still at the reef, said Philippine military chief Lt. Gen. Cirilito Sobejana, who released aerial pictures of the Chinese vessels in one of the most hotly contested regions in the strategic waterway. The Philippines has filed a diplomatic protest over the Chinese presence, Foreign Secretary Teodoro Locsin Jr. said. China insisted it owns the reef, which it calls Niué Jiao, and said the Chinese vessels converged in the area to avoid rough waters. Beijing denied the vessels were maritime militias. “Any speculation in such helps nothing but causes unnecessary irritation,” the Chinese Embassy said in a statement on Monday. “It is hoped that the situation could be handled in an objective and rational manner.” The U.S. Embassy, however, said “Chinese boats have been mooring in this area for many months in ever increasing numbers, regardless of the weather.” China, the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Taiwan and Brunei have been locked in a tense territorial standoff over the resource-rich and busy waterway for decades. President Rodrigo Duterte would talk to the Chinese ambassador in Manila about the issue, his spokesman, Harry Roque told a news conference. Duterte has nurtured friendly ties with Beijing since taking office in 2016 and has been criticized for not immediately demanding Chinese compliance with an international arbitration ruling that invalidated Beijing’s historic claims to virtually the entire sea. China has refused to recognize the 2016 ruling, which it called “a sham,” and continues to defy it. Duterte has sought infrastructure funds, trade and investments from China, which has also donated and pledged to deliver more COVID-19 vaccines as the Philippines faces an alarming spike in coronavirus infections. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family Markieff Morris: I love to see the hate! No doubt I took a hard foul which I always do but I've never hit a man with his back turned! Luckily we built different over here. I can take my licks and keep pushing. Joker 1 smooth 0 lol. Source: Twitter ... Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? Mayfield wished OBJ well personally but also made it clear he was happy with the Browns team now sans Beckham The Patriots made three roster moves Monday that suggest more transactions could be coming ahead of Sunday's game against the Browns. ",951,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886120329,2021-03-23 04:23:46.164864,Colorado incident is seventh mass shooting in US in past 7 days,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/BRzqJgz58rc/h_16ea3dc5703c2f9463cf7a7b5046c9ff,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,"Monday's mass shooting at a supermarket in Boulder, Colorado, comes less than a week after eight people were killed in a series of attacks on spas in Atlanta. The two incidents are likely to spur discussion about gun control legislation in the United States, where firearm deaths are tragically common. They are also among at least seven mass shootings in the past week across the US -- including three incidents on Saturday alone. It's unclear how this number of mass shootings -- in which at least four people were shot -- compares to an average week in the US.  So far this year, there have been at least six mass shootings with four or more killed, including those in Atlanta and Boulder.  These are the other four: From CNN's Joe Sutton and Jennifer Feldman The father of slain Boulder police officer Eric Talley said he was not surprised his son was the first officer to arrive on the scene of a mass shooting on Monday in Boulder, Colorado.  “Didn’t surprise me he was the first one there,” Homer Talley said in a phone interview with CNN affiliate KUSA. Eric Talley, 51, was among 10 people killed when a gunman attacked the King Soopers grocery store. Boulder Police Chief Maris Herold said his actions were ""nothing short of heroic."" Herold said Talley had been an officer with the Boulder Police Department since 2010. Homer Talley said his son was a father of seven children. The eldest is age 20.  Homer Talley described his son as a ""prankster"" who ""had a great sense of humor."" He also said Eric Talley was working to become a drone operator because he thought it would be safer. A survivor of Monday's mass shooting at a supermarket in Boulder, Colorado said he feels a ""profound sense of luckiness.""  Ryan Borowski told CNN's Don Lemon he was still processing what happened. He just went to the grocery store to buy some ice cream, he said. Borowski said he changed his mind at the last minute and went down a different aisle. He then heard the first shots, after which he started running to the back of the store. He and several others rushed out of the store through the back, telling employees who had no idea what was going on: ""Gun, gun, gun. Run, run, run."" Watch his interview: From CNN's Jill Martin Colorado's five most prominent sports teams -- the NFL's Denver Broncos, the NBA's Denver Nuggets, the NHL's Colorado Avalanche, the MLB's Colorado Rockies and the MLS' Colorado Rapids -- issued statements reacting to Monday's shooting in Boulder that left at least 10 people dead.   Colorado Gov. Jared Polis said his state was mourning the ""senseless killing"" of 10 people who died in a mass shooting at a supermarket in Boulder Monday.  “Today we saw the face of evil. I am grieving with my community and all Coloradans,” the governor said. Polis posted his statement to Twitter. Read it here: From CNN's Dianne Gallagher and Joe Sutton  Former Arizona Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords, a gun control advocate and mass shooting survivor, said Monday's shooting in Colorado was yet another reminder that ""It’s beyond time for our leaders to take action"" to address gun control.  The investigation into Monday's shooting at the King Soopers supermarket in Boulder was “very complex,” and would take no less than five days to complete, Boulder Police Chief Maris Herold said. Ten people, including Boulder police officer Eric Talley, 51, were killed in the shooting, according to police. The suspect was taken into custody and is being treated for injuries, officials said. Michael Dougherty, district attorney for Boulder County, said local, state, and federal partners will share in the investigation as well as prosecutors from the US Attorney’s Office. Dougherty promised the families of the victims that he would do everything he could ""to get justice in this case."" Acting US Attorney for the District of Colorado Matthew Kirsch said Dougherty would be supported by ""the full weight of federal law enforcement.""  Police officer Eric Talley, who was killed in the shooting at the King Soopers supermarket, was ""by all accounts, one of the outstanding officers of the Boulder Police Department,"" Boulder District Attorney Michael Dougherty said. Talley, 51, had been with the department since 2010, serving in numerous roles,  Boulder Police Chief Maris Herold said. He was the first officer on the scene at the shooting, and his actions were ""nothing short of heroic,"" Herold said. Authorities in Boulder, Colorado, held a late-night news conference to provide updates on the shooting at King Soopers supermarket. Here's what they said: Please enable JavaScript for a better experience. ",782,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886122794,2021-03-23 03:23:34,"Boulder shooting: Suspect kills 10 in Colorado supermarket, including one police officer; suspect arrested: Here's what we know now",http://rssfeeds.usatoday.com/~/647410056/0/usatodaycomnation-topstories~Boulder-shooting-Suspect-kills-in-Colorado-supermarket-including-one-police-officer-suspect-arrested-Heres-what-we-know-now/,en,False,,4,USA Today,http://www.usatoday.com,"A 21-year-old Colorado man faced murder charges Tuesday in the shooting rampage at a Boulder supermarket that left 10 people dead and fueled chaos as panicked shoppers fled to safety amid the hail of bullets. The Boulder shooting suspect, identified as Ahmad Al Aliwi Alissa, was shot in the leg, Herold said. He was booked into the county jail on murder charges Tuesday after being treated at a hospital. Alissa is due to make his first court appearance Thursday. ""Today our city is grieving the senseless loss of 10 lives in our community,"" Mayor Sam Weaver said. ""A man with a gun monstrously struck them down."" Investigators have not established a motive, but they believe Alissa was the only shooter, Boulder County District Attorney Michael Dougherty said. Details we know so far: Alissa, a resident of the Denver suburb of Arvada, went to a King Soopers supermarket in Boulder — about 20 miles away — with two weapons, including an AR-15-style rifle he purchased six days before, according to an arrest affidavit. He shot and killed 10 people before surrendering to police with a leg wound, after stripping down to his shorts. The affidavit describes Alissa as standing 5 feet, 6 inches tall, and weighing 200 pounds, with a beer belly and a balding head. Ali Alissa, 34, told CNN his brother was bullied in high school for being Muslim and became antisocial and increasingly paranoid around 2014. As a high school senior in 2018, Ahmad Alissa was found guilty of assaulting a fellow student in class after knocking him to the floor and punching him in the head several times, according to a police affidavit that said Alissa complained the student had called him ""racial names.'' Ali Alissa said he believes his brother has a mental illness. “He always suspected someone was behind him, someone was chasing him,'' Ali Alissa said. ""He would say, ‘Someone is chasing me, someone is investigating me,’ and we’re like, ‘Come on, man, there’s nothing.’ He was just closing into himself.’’ ""These are bills that received votes with both Republicans and Democrats in the House. This is not and should not be a partisan issue,'' Biden said. ""This is an American issue that will save lives, American lives. And we have to act. We should also ban assault weapons in the process."" Addressing the grieving families of victims of gun violence, not only from the two mass shootings within a week in Colorado and Georgia but also previous incidents across the U.S., Biden said: ""We have to act so there's not more of you, there's fewer of you as time goes on.'' A handful of vigils have been scheduled to commemorate the victims of Monday's shooting rampage at a supermarket in Boulder, Colorado, which claimed 10 lives. Among the live remembrances, a candlelight vigil originally scheduled for Tuesday at 7 p.m. Mountain time at the Boulder County Courthouse was moved to Wednesday at the same time and location. Another vigil is set for Thursday at 6:30 p.m. MT at Fairview High School in Boulder.  At the King Soopers on Tuesday, yellow crime-scene tape ringed a parking lot filled with Subarus, Jeeps and other cars abandoned by their owners. One car's trunk remained open, as if deserted while its owner was loading groceries when the shooting began. Police officers from neighboring cities were helping secure the area, and evidence markers dotted the parking lot, along with two black tents erected where bodies once lay. A small memorial of flowers and signs was growing outside the hastily erected fence keeping the public away. Broken glass lay on the pavement in several areas, from the store's windows, but also from the front windows of a Ford Transit delivery van.﻿ Two organizations have already stepped up to lend a hand to those most impacted by Monday's massacre at a Boulder, Colorado, supermarket. More groups are likely to offer help. The United Food and Commercial Workers International Union represents the King Soopers workers. UFCW International President Marc Perrone urged Governor Jared Polis and Colorado leaders to work with law enforcement on the investigation. Perrone issued a statement lauding the ""brave Colorado grocery workers caught in the crossfire of this tragic shooting.""  Kim Cordova, the president of a union that represents 32 workers at the store's meat department, said there was mass confusion when the incident began and some workers at first thought the shooter was on the roof. ""It was just terror,"" said Cordova, relaying conversations she had with members inside the store. ""They grabbed co-workers and customers and either hid or led them to hiding spaces, got them out the back of the store. They started hearing shots and their first instincts was to grab customers and co-workers and try to get to safety."" Anna Haynes said she was in her apartment across the street from the store when she heard noises outside that she assumed were firecrackers or a car backfiring. She told CNN she looked outside to see a body on the ground and a man, armed with a semiautomatic rifle, shoot at someone. He then went inside the store, and moments later people were running out. ""It devolved into chaos in just a couple of minutes,"" she said. Democratic Rep. Joe Neguse, whose district includes Boulder, said the loss of life ""is truly heartbreaking and unimaginable."" He expressed condolences to the victims and added that ""enough is enough."" ""If we are truly invested in saving lives, then we must have the willpower to act and to pass meaningful gun reform,"" Neguse said in a statement. ''The time for inaction is over.”    ""And it's not just mass shootings: according to the CDC, on average, 109 Americans lose their lives every day to gun violence. It's long past time to act on this nation's gun violence epidemic,"" Durbin said. ""I was definitely in a life-threatening situation if the shooter came to the kiosk,"" he said. When it was over, at least two friends and co-workers had been killed, he said. Another friend has not answered his phone, and Smith said he does not yet know that friend's fate. ""It's definitely been rough,"" he said. ""It's harder than it was yesterday, just thinking about the friends that I lost.'' By the third shot, he was running to the back of the store. He never saw the gunman or the victims. ""What I saw was a terrified face running toward me,"" he said. ""We all ran... I saw a lot of very wide eyes."" The slain officer was identified as Eric Talley, 51, who had been with the police department since 2010, Herold said. He went to the store after a call about shots fired and someone carrying a rifle, she said. “He was by all accounts one of the outstanding officers of the Boulder Police Department, and his life was cut too short,” Dougherty said of Talley.  On Tuesday, Biden commended Talley's ""exceptional bravery,'' saying, ""When the moment to act came, officer Talley did not hesitate in his duty, making the ultimate sacrifice in his effort to save lives. That's the definition of an American hero.'' King Soopers, a Denver-based subsidiary of supermarket giant Kroger, operates more than 150 stores in Colorado and Wyoming. ""In the hours since the shooting, we're learning of truly heroic acts that included associates, customers and first responders selflessly helping to protect and save others,"" the statement said. ""We will remain forever grateful to the first responders who so bravely responded to protect our associates and customers."" The company offered prayers and support for all affected, including the three grocery workers who died in the killings. In the wake of mass shootings elsewhere, Kroger asked shoppers in 2019 to leave firearms at home. The change in policy came a day after grocery rival Walmart made a similar shift.  In 2012, a lone gunman opened fire at a movie theater in Aurora, Colorado, during a showing of ""The Dark Knight Rises."" The assailant, who was convicted and sentenced to life in prison, used tear gas and multiple guns as he sealed off doors and terrorized 400 people. Twelve died and 58 others suffered gunshot wounds.  And in May 2019, one student was killed and eight others injured in an ambush attack at STEM School Highlands Ranch, a charter school located in Douglas County. As in Columbine, the assailants were students. One pleaded guilty and the other is awaiting trial in May 2021. The mass killing, as well as the shootings that left eight dead in Georgia last week, have drawn greater scrutiny to a problem that has been boiling over throughout the past year. Mass shootings — incidents that injure or kill more than four people, not including the perpetrator — rose nearly 50% in 2020 amid the pandemic that left millions unemployed and millions of teenagers idle.  Contributing: Mike James, Dan Wolken, Jim Sergent and Elinor Aspegren, USA TODAY; Sady Swanson; The Coloradoan; Alexander Coolidge, Cincinnati Enquirer; The Associated Press ",1467,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886122791,2021-03-23 04:23:58,Growing number of states make vaccines more widely available; Navajo Nation reports zero cases and no recent deaths: Live COVID-19 updates,http://rssfeeds.usatoday.com/~/647412046/0/usatodaycomnation-topstories~Growing-number-of-states-make-vaccines-more-widely-available-Navajo-Nation-reports-zero-cases-and-no-recent-deaths-Live-COVID-updates/,en,False,,4,USA Today,http://www.usatoday.com,"Researchers looked at more than 4,000 recently diagnosed patients and found the two-antibody combo drug, called REGEN-COV, cut the risk of hospitalization or death by 70%, and also reduced the median recovery time from 14 days to 10. “This is a landmark moment in the fight against COVID-19,” said Dr. Suraj Saggar, trial investigator and chief of infectious disease at Holy Name Medical Center in Teaneck, New Jersey. “With so many people will getting infected … these data underscore the need to rapidly adopt REGEN-COV as standard-of-care to offer high-risk patients their best chance to reduce serious consequences.” Also in the news:  ►The Navajo Nation reported Monday zero new COVID-19 positive cases and no recent deaths for the first time in over six months.  ►Russian President Vladimir Putin will be getting his first vaccination against COVID-19 on Tuesday, but out of sight of the cameras, his spokesman said. Only 6.3 million people, or 4.3% of Russia's 146-million population, have received at least one dose of a vaccine.  In the last week alone, the United States has reported 2,926 new variant cases – more than the country reported in December, January and February combined, a USA TODAY Network analysis of Centers for Disease Control data shows. Tuesday's report included another 1,143 new variant cases just since Sunday's report, bringing the country to 7,781 cases of coronavirus that can spread more easily, dodge treatments and immunities, or both. Some of the biggest increases now are in Michigan's communities, rather than its prisons. The CDC reported another 371 variant cases for the state, though many of them appear to be delayed reporting from last week. The variant cases are surging in a state where the pace of new coronavirus cases has tripled in the last month, even as case counts in much of the country have declined. Other states with high increases include New Jersey, where known variant cases more than doubled as 230 new cases were added to reach 393. New Jersey's coronavirus case counts on a per-person basis have been the highest in the nation, and have been climbing. Massachusetts added 190 variant cases to reach 454. North Carolina more than doubled its case count after adding 101 cases to reach 186. Nearly all of the new variant cases are of B.1.1.7, which was first found in the United Kingdom. – Kristi Tanner and Mike Stucka Texas will open COVID-19 vaccinations to all adults beginning Monday, two weeks after expanding vaccine eligibility to those 50 and older. Under the expanded eligibility, Texans 16 and older can receive a vaccine. New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Monday that all state residents age 50 and above would be eligible to get a COVID-19 vaccine starting Tuesday.  Florida announced Monday it, too, will allow anybody age 50 and up to get the shot. It's a welcome sign in the state, which became the first state to have more than 1,000 known cases of coronavirus variants. On Wednesday, Arizona will make vaccines available to anyone 16 and older at the sites it operates in Maricopa, Pima and Yuma counties, the state health department and Gov. Doug Ducey announced. And, on Thursday, Georgia will offer vaccinations to all adults, Gov. Brian Kemp announced. Alaska and Mississippi have already opened vaccinations to all adults, and several other states have said they will do so in the coming weeks. They include Ohio, Tennessee, Michigan, Massachusetts, Nevada, Connecticut, Iowa, Utah and Illinois. The White House said 27 million doses of coronavirus vaccines will be distributed next week, more than three times the number when President Joe Biden took office just over two months ago. Coronavirus coordinator Jeff Zients informed governors on their weekly conference call that 23 million doses of Pfizer and Moderna and about 4 million of Johnson & Johnson’s single-dose vaccine will be shipped next week. About 18 million of those shots will be given directly to states and jurisdictions to administer, White House press secretary Jen Psaki said. Most of the remainder will go to the federal retail pharmacy program, and a smaller share will go to federally qualified community health centers. The administration expects supplies to continue to increase in the coming weeks, which comes as more states are relaxing eligibility criteria for shots. Biden is directing all adults be eligible for vaccines nationwide by May 1, and the U.S. remains on track to have enough supply to cover all adults by the end of May. And now, government moratoriums that for months had barred utilities from turning off the power of their delinquent customers are starting to expire in most states. As result, up to 37 million customers – which is nearly one-third of all households – will soon have to reckon with their overdue power bills at a time when many of them are struggling with lost jobs or income. The crisis has emerged as one of the repercussions of the recession that was touched off by the viral pandemic. The Data Safety Monitoring Board or DSMB ""expressed concern that AstraZeneca may have included outdated information from that trial, which may have provided an incomplete view of the efficacy data."" ""It really is unfortunate that this happened,"" said Fauci, head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, said. ""This is very likely a very good vaccine."" – Karen Weintraub The Transportation Security Administration screened 1,543,115 travelers Sunday, its busiest day since March 13, 2020. The numbers are a stark contrast from the same date in 2020, when the agency screened only 548,132.  It marked the 11th straight day that the Transportation Security Administration screened more than 1 million people, likely from a combination of spring break travel and more people becoming vaccinated against COVID-19. Airline executives say they have seen an increase in bookings during the last few weeks. However, passenger traffic remains far below 2019 levels. More than 3 million coronavirus vaccine doses were reported administered across the nation on back-to-back days for the first time as the pace of vaccinations continues to increase across the nation. Almost one-quarter of the entire U.S. population – and almost one-third of adults – has received at least one dose, according to data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. But Dr. Rochelle Walensky, director of the CDC, warned that data on new cases and hospitalizations indicates numbers are again rising in the Northeast and Upper Midwest. ""The apparent leveling off of cases and hospital admissions, after the consistent decline in early January through the end of February, I consider to be very concerning,"" she said. A surge could be coming if Americans do not continue wearing masks, socially distancing and adhering to other restrictions, she said. ""Believe me, I get it, we all want to return to our everyday activities and spend time with our family, friends and loved ones,"" she said. ""But we must find the fortitude to hang in there for just a little bit longer."" Contributing: Associated Press ",1134,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886122787,2021-03-23 04:17:44,AP Top Stories March 23 A,http://rssfeeds.usatoday.com/~/647412788/0/usatodaycomnation-topstories~AP-Top-Stories-March-A/,en,False,,4,USA Today,http://www.usatoday.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886123638,2021-03-23 04:22:09,How to prepare kids for social media use,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/aNjD-nc7rfo/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,"By Lisa Selin Davis, CNN ",6,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886123620,2021-03-23 04:21:48,Surge in child hunger overwhelms richest US counties,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/wn0wQ0w6rvw/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,"By Laura Ungar, Kaiser Health News ",7,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886123613,2021-03-23 04:30:48,These survivors stand ready to help the victims' families,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/EUOZN80yaN0/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,"By Christina Maxouris, CNN ",5,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886133869,2021-03-23 04:55:07,Study results strengthen the case for using Regeneron’s antibody cocktail in high-risk Covid patients.,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/22/world/study-results-strengthen-the-case-for-using-regenerons-antibody-cocktail-in-high-risk-covid-patients.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Regeneron’s treatment, a cocktail of two antibody drugs, was given last fall to President Donald J. Trump shortly after he got sick with Covid-19 and is now one of three such therapies available in the United States. The new results come from a Phase 3 trial that enrolled more than 4,500 patients beginning in late September, around the time virus cases began to climb dangerously in the United States. The study found that patients who got the infused treatment within 10 days of developing symptoms or testing positive had a roughly 70 percent reduced risk of being hospitalized or dying compared with patients who were infused with a placebo. “I think these are exciting data,” said Dr. Rajesh Gandhi, an infectious diseases physician at Massachusetts General Hospital who was not involved in the study.  Even as vaccinations speed up, antibody treatments are expected to be helpful for high-risk people who still get sick for many months at least, and longer still if the virus can’t be wiped out. While there are signs that emerging virus variants may in some cases make antibodies less potent, Regeneron’s cocktail has not shown such vulnerability in laboratory tests. In the new findings, Regeneron’s treatment worked equally well when given at half the dosing at which it was authorized. Regeneron said that it planned to request that the Food and Drug Administration allow the treatment to be given at that reduced strength. Such a change would bring several advantages: While the cocktail is safe, getting it at a lower dose reduces the odds of side effects, such as an infusion reaction. The antibody treatments from Regeneron and the drug maker Eli Lilly, which makes the other two such drugs authorized in the United States, were expected to be in high demand and to serve as a bridge in fighting the pandemic before vaccinations ramped up. Instead, they ended up sitting on refrigerator shelves in many places even during recent surges. Many patients and their doctors did not know to ask for them or where to find them. Overwhelmed hospitals lacked the bandwidth to prioritize giving out the treatments. And some doctors were unconvinced by the relatively weak evidence available last fall supporting their use. That picture is gradually shifting, thanks to improved logistics and more awareness. And more solid evidence, like the new data from Regeneron, also appears to be helping the drugs get used more widely. “As the data get stronger and stronger, I would expect that use will increase,” Dr. Gandhi said. Advertisement ",423,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886131694,2021-03-23 04:44:15,UK unemployment rate unexpectedly falls to 5% in January as the country looks ahead to reopening,https://www.businessinsider.com/uk-unemployment-rate-falls-january-coronavirus-reopening-economy-vaccines-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886132971,2021-03-23 04:54:22.809245,"Two Spring Breakers allegedly drugged, raped woman in Miami Beach. She was found dead in a hotel room.",https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2021/03/23/miami-beach-spring-breakers-rape/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_homepage,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"Now, two visitors are charged with drugging and raping a woman in her hotel room and then stealing her credit cards to fuel their spending on the island. The woman was later found dead inside her room. Dorian Taylor, 24, and Evoire Collier, 21, who both traveled to Miami Beach from North Carolina, gave the victim a pill before they propped her up on the way to her hotel room, assaulted her and then left her, police said. They have been charged with sexual battery, burglary and credit card fraud as a medical examiner completes tests on the woman, who hasn’t been identified, to determine a cause of death. A public defender appointed for the two men didn’t address the charges in the Monday bond hearing. State of emergency in Miami Beach extended to April 11 as spring breakers overwhelm the city Police responded to a South Beach hotel where the victim, a 24-year-old who was visiting from Pennsylvania, was found dead and partially unclothed on a bed, the Herald reported. When detectives pulled up surveillance footage, they saw two men early on Thursday morning leading the obviously incapacitated woman into the hotel. One of the defendants was “holding behind her, holding her by the neck, so she would stand still, because she was obviously intoxicated or drugged,” Miami Beach Detective Luis Alsina said in Monday’s bond hearing. The men left less than an hour later, police said. On Saturday, police said they spotted Collier by his distinctive pants in a crowd of revelers on Ocean Drive. Police say that Collier later confessed to meeting the woman at a restaurant and said that Taylor had given her a “green pill,” the Herald reported; he told police the pill may have been Percocet, but he wasn’t certain. Once they led the victim into her room, they repeatedly sexually assaulted her, Alsina told the judge, and then robbed her. “They did not call for assistance or help” once it was clear she was unconscious, Alsina said, “and began to take all of her items.” Taylor was seen on surveillance video using the woman’s credit cards at liquor stores and other locations around South Beach, police said, and had the woman’s phone and more green pills when he was arrested. At Monday’s hearing, Ayana Duncan, an assistant state attorney, argued the men should be held in custody until the medical examiner determines the woman’s cause of death because they could face more-serious charges. The men are scheduled for an arraignment in about three weeks, the Herald reported. The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",441,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886123609,2021-03-23 04:31:41,"Here is what we know about the mass shooting in Boulder, Colorado, that left 10 dead",http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_topstories/~3/fuKzl29GwBo/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,"pic.twitter.com/siOC6U3OfC CNN's Steve Almasy, Paul P. Murphy, Whitney Wild, Blake Ellis, Melissa Gray, Keith Allen, Rebekah Riess, Jennifer Feldman, Konstantin Toropin, Casey Tolan, Bob Ortega and Joe Sutton contributed to this report.   ",35,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886133865,2021-03-23 04:54:08,"U.S. health officials question results from AstraZeneca’s vaccine trial, less than a day after they came out.",https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/22/world/us-health-officials-question-results-from-astrazenecas-vaccine-trial-less-than-a-day-after-they-came-out.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement The accusation, in a two-page letter sent Monday to the company and federal officials, was a fresh blow to the credibility of a vaccine whose low price and relatively easy storage have made it critical to the global fight against the pandemic. The private letter, which was described by people who have read it, castigated AstraZeneca for jeopardizing the integrity of a closely watched clinical trial. “Decisions like this are what erode public trust in the scientific process,” the board wrote. The fight is about the degree of effectiveness of a vaccine that is undisputably effective. While AstraZeneca said on Monday that its vaccine appeared to be 79 percent effective at preventing Covid-19, the panel of independent experts said the actual number may have been between 69 percent and 74 percent. The mass availability of a vaccine with even a 69 percent efficacy rate could help the world conquer the coronavirus. But the public airing of a conflict between a pharmaceutical company and a board overseeing a clinical trial is almost unheard-of. It is certain to trigger extra scrutiny of the vaccine by the Food and Drug Administration and other regulators if, as expected, AstraZeneca seeks their authorization to use it on an emergency basis in the United States. Repeated problems with the data presented by AstraZeneca have shattered the confidence of American regulators and threaten to cast a worldwide cloud over the company’s vaccine. “Any type of thing like this could unfortunately contribute to a lack of confidence in the process,” said Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, the nation’s leading infectious disease expert. But the overnight announcement from the institute immediately raised a new set of questions about it and AstraZeneca. At issue is whether to count, in the public release of data, more recently confirmed cases of Covid-19 among participants. The oversight board pushed AstraZeneca representatives last week to go through a backlog of potential cases and classify whether they were or were not Covid-19. That had the potential to affect the vaccine’s effectiveness rate, for better or worse. The requested analysis showed that the vaccine was between 69 percent and 74 percent effective, according to the oversight board’s letter. But when AstraZeneca unveiled its interim results on Monday, the company did not count those newly classified Covid-19 cases. As a result, it reported that the vaccine appeared to be 79 percent effective at preventing the disease. Until they received the monitoring board’s letter, AstraZeneca executives weren’t aware that the panel expected them to include the updated figures in their news release, according to a person familiar with the executives’ thinking. Federal officials, however, were stunned to discover on Monday that AstraZeneca had released those results even though the monitoring board had spent days pushing for — and eventually received — updated data. By then, Dr. Fauci had publicly hailed the results at a White House briefing, and the company had been showered with positive media coverage. AstraZeneca’s shares rose about 4 percent on Monday. AstraZeneca on Tuesday defended its actions, saying the interim results appeared to be “consistent” with more recent data collected during the trial. The company said it would immediately share its latest data with the monitoring board and reissue fuller results within 48 hours. The company’s shares fell 3.5 percent on Tuesday. Last week, an apparent delay in the release of the vaccine’s interim trial results raised fresh suspicions among federal officials. In response to questions from The New York Times, an AstraZeneca spokeswoman, whom the company refused to name, said on Friday that any back and forth between the company and the monitoring board was simply run-of-the-mill dialogue. “As is often the case,” the spokeswoman said, monitoring boards “can request new or clarifying analyses of data from the trial. This would enable them to ensure the robustness of their determinations.” The U.S. trial, which involved more than 32,000 participants, was the largest test of its kind for the shot. The results AstraZeneca released on Monday were from an interim look at the data after 141 Covid-19 cases had turned up among volunteers. Advertisement ",681,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886133921,2021-03-23 02:05:48,Asian stocks fall after Wall St rises on tech gains,https://news.yahoo.com/asian-stocks-fall-wall-st-060548744.html,en,True,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"BEIJING (AP) — Asian stock markets followed Wall Street lower Wednesday after European governments extended anti-coronavirus lockdowns, clouding the outlook for economic recovery. Market benchmarks in Shanghai, Tokyo and Hong Kong retreated. Overnight, Wall Street gave up most of the previous day's gains as technology, industrial and bank stocks fell. Investor confidence was shaken after Germany, Europe's biggest economy, and the Netherlands extended lockdowns and imposed new travel and business curbs in response to spikes in infection. The World Health Organization said the weekly global death toll from the virus is rising again following six weeks of declines. It said the number of new reported cases rose in four of six global regions. “Investors were left scrambling for life jackets, as it seems we are back navigating the stormy sea of the coronavirus pandemic,” said Stephen Innes of Axi in a report. The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.6% to 3,392.00 and the Nikkei 225 in Tokyo fell 1.8% to 28,465.86. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong retreated 1.4% to 28,090.38. The Kospi in South Korea gave up 0.6% to 3,986.00. The S&P-ASX 200 in Australia gained 0.5% to 6,776.80. New Zealand gained while Singapore retreated. In Europe, Germany extended anti-virus restrictions by three weeks to April 18 and said travelers arriving from abroad by air must be tested for the coronavirus before boarding their flight. The Netherlands extended its lockdown by three weeks. That followed similar moves earlier by Italy and France. Investors are wavering between optimism about coronavirus vaccines that might allow business and travel to return to normal and concern about the pace of recovery. Traders also are watching the potential for inflation pressures to pick up after struggling economies were flooded with credit and government spending. That has depressed U.S. bond prices, prompting some to shift money out of stocks. On Wall Street, the benchmark S&P 500 fell 0.8% on Tuesday to 3,910.52. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.9% to 32,423.15. The Nasdaq, dominated by tech stocks, sank 1.1% to 13,227.70. In Washington, Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen and Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell told Congress more must be done to limit economic damage. Powell stressed that he does not expect stimulus programs to trigger inflation. Bond yields, or the difference between the market price and the payout at maturity, narrowed as prices rose. The yield of the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.63%, down from last week's level above 1.70%. That weighed on banks and other financial companies which look to yields as a benchmark for the interest rates they charge on mortgages and other loans. Bank of America fell 2.0% and Wells Fargo dropped 1.9%. American Express slid 2.8%. In energy markets, benchmark U.S. crude lost 2 cents to $57.74 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract plunged $3.79 on Tuesday to $57.76 after Germany's lockdown announcement triggered concern demand for industry and travel would decline. Brent crude, used to price international oils, shed 1 cent to $60.85 per barrel in London. It lost $3.83 the previous session to $60.79. The dollar declined to 108.52 yen from Tuesday's 108.75 yen. The euro retreated to $1.1848 from $1.1853. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family Markieff Morris: I love to see the hate! No doubt I took a hard foul which I always do but I've never hit a man with his back turned! Luckily we built different over here. I can take my licks and keep pushing. Joker 1 smooth 0 lol. Source: Twitter ... Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? Mayfield wished OBJ well personally but also made it clear he was happy with the Browns team now sans Beckham The Patriots made three roster moves Monday that suggest more transactions could be coming ahead of Sunday's game against the Browns. ",1002,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886133681,2021-03-23 04:42:58,Anthony Fauci Stars In An Eye-Popping Biography For Kids,https://www.huffpost.com/entry/anthony-fauci-childrens-book-debut_n_60597534c5b6cebf58d11ddf,en,False,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"Trends Reporter, HuffPost Messner described Fauci as a “kid with a million questions — about everything from the tropical fish in his bedroom to the things he was taught in Sunday school.” A HuffPost Guide To Coronavirus Trends Reporter, HuffPost ",41,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886132969,2021-03-23 04:54:22.809245,Eric Greitens resigned as Missouri governor over an affair and blackmail claims. Now he’s running for Senate.,https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2021/03/23/eric-greitens-senate-governor-affair/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_homepage,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"Nearly three years ago, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens left the state capitol in disgrace as he faced down two criminal charges, an ethics probe, and public fallout over reports that he’d had an affair with a hairdresser and then allegedly tried to blackmail her with nude photos. Now, the criminal charges have been dropped, the ethics case has been closed, and Greitens is aiming for a Lazarus-esque comeback. The announcement would have seemed improbable in July 2018, when Greitens was largely abandoned by the state GOP and resigned as governor, marking an abrupt end to an unlikely political ascent. As a charismatic young governor, he earned mentions as a future presidential contender — until a devastating report landed from a St. Louis TV station in January 2018 that he had carried on an affair with a local hairdresser and threatened to release nude photos he’d taken of her if she revealed their relationship. After the report, Greitens admitted to the affair but denied any blackmail attempt. The revelation soon became a criminal case when Democratic St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner launched a probe that resulted in a felony invasion-of-privacy charge a month later. Greitens called the report a “political witch hunt” full of “lies and falsehoods,” but never specified which claims he specifically denied. Weeks later, Gardner’s office filed a second charge: felony tampering with computer data over allegations that he improperly took a donor list from a nonprofit group he’d founded to help his political campaign. (The evidence in that case was gathered by then-Attorney General Josh Hawley (R) — now Missouri’s other U.S. senator.) In early May, GOP leaders in the state’s House and Senate said they would meet to consider disciplinary measures — including possible impeachment. Faced with political abandonment, Greitens resigned on June 1, 2018. But the committee stopped short of accusing Greitens of knowing about the violations, which led the former governor to claim that the report exonerated him. The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",342,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886133914,2021-03-23 03:46:30,AP PHOTOS: UK reflects on death toll a year after lockdown,https://news.yahoo.com/ap-photos-uk-reflects-death-074630698.html,en,True,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"LONDON (AP) — The U.K. has had a lot to reflect on. A year to the day since Prime Minister Boris Johnson first put the country under lockdown to slow the fast-spreading coronavirus, Britain paused Tuesday to remember those who have died after contracting COVID-19 and reflect on a 12-month period that has turned life upside down. The U.K., which has spent much of the past year in lockdown, has registered more than 126,000 virus-related deaths, the highest pandemic death toll in Europe and one of the highest in the world. The country observed a minute’s silence at noon to remember the dead as part of a national day of reflection organized by the end-of-life charity Marie Curie. People were also encouraged to stand on their doorsteps at 8 p.m. with phones, candles and flashlights to signify a “beacon of remembrance” while major landmarks were illuminated. Johnson thanked the British public for their “courage, discipline and patience"" and said a permanent memorial to those who died during the coronavirus pandemic will be built. “For the entire British people it has been an epic of endurance and privation,” Johnson said at a televised news conference. “Of children’s birthday parties canceled, of weddings postponed, of family gatherings of all kinds simply deleted from the diary."" Queen Elizabeth II sent a bouquet of flowers to London’s St. Bartholomew’s Hospital, where her husband, Prince Philip, was recently treated for a heart condition. “As we look forward to a brighter future together, today we pause to reflect on the grief and loss that continues to be felt by so many people and families, and pay tribute to the immeasurable service of those who have supported us all over the last year,"" she said in an accompanying note. London’s skyline turned yellow at nightfall when landmarks including the London Eye, Trafalgar Square and Wembley Stadium were lit up. Joining them were parliaments and assemblies across the U.K. as well as other notable buildings including Cardiff Castle and Belfast’s Titanic Building. “The emotional toll of the grief so many of us have faced, at a time when so few of us have been able to connect with friends, family and community in the ways we normally would, is immeasurable,"" said Matthew Reed, chief executive of Marie Curie. Few foresaw the scale of death and grief to come when Johnson, in a prime-time televised address on March 23, 2020, issued a “very simple instruction” for people to stay at home. Johnson, who within days of issuing the stay-at-home order was hospitalized in intensive care with the virus, has faced criticism for delaying the first lockdown. Italy had been the first European country to go into lockdown earlier in March 2020, followed by most of the rest of the continent. The delay, many argue, led to the U.K. recording the most deaths in Europe during the first wave of the pandemic, despite the valiant efforts of people working in the National Health Service, which has endured its most difficult period since its creation just after World War II. Further delays in re-imposing nationwide lockdowns following the easing of restrictions over the summer and fall have similarly been blamed for exacerbating Britain's high coronavirus death toll, especially this year, when a new, more contagious variant of the virus first identified in southeast England became the dominant strain. Calls are growing, particularly among bereaved families, for the government to back a public enquiry into its handling of the pandemic. Johnson has said one will come but that it would be a distraction now. Beyond the devastating death toll, the pandemic has affected every aspect of day-to-day life, most evident in the boarded-up shops and the eerily quiet city centers. Children have spent many months cooped up at home with their often-agitated parents and siblings also struggling to deal with the realities of life under lockdown. The pandemic has also battered the British economy, which suffered its deepest recession in more than 300 years. Pubs, restaurants, theaters, hair salons and all stores selling nonessential items such as books and footwear have spent much of the past year closed. The economy remains almost 10% smaller than it was just over a year ago and there are fears that many businesses won't able to survive for long once the government starts withdrawing its unprecedented financial support. There is some hope that the rapid rollout of coronavirus vaccines — more than half the adult population has already had one of the two doses they need — will allow lockdown to be eased in coming weeks. Johnson insists his government's plan to lift restrictions in England will be guided by “data, not dates,” but that life could be very much more normal by the height of summer. The other nations of the U.K. — Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland — have outlined similar plans. But confirmed cases are again increasing in much of Europe, and Johnson warned that it would “wash up on our shores.” ___ Follow AP’s pandemic coverage at: https://apnews.com/hub/coronavirus-pandemic https://apnews.com/hub/coronavirus-vaccine https://apnews.com/hub/understanding-the-outbreak “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family Markieff Morris: I love to see the hate! No doubt I took a hard foul which I always do but I've never hit a man with his back turned! Luckily we built different over here. I can take my licks and keep pushing. Joker 1 smooth 0 lol. Source: Twitter ... Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? Mayfield wished OBJ well personally but also made it clear he was happy with the Browns team now sans Beckham The Patriots made three roster moves Monday that suggest more transactions could be coming ahead of Sunday's game against the Browns. ",1312,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886136682,2021-03-23 02:23:00,: U.S. health officials say AstraZeneca may have relied on ‘outdated information’ over COVID-19 trial,http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?guid=%7B21005575-02D4-D4B5-4572-D32BD84A5F5C%7D&siteid=rss&rss=1,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,"AstraZeneca may have included “outdated information” in U.S. trial results for its COVID-19 vaccine, providing an “incomplete view of the efficacy data,” a U.S. federal health agency said early on Tuesday. “The DSMB expressed concern that AstraZeneca may have included outdated information from that trial, which may have provided an incomplete view of the efficacy data,” the NIAID said. “We urge the company to work with the DSMB to review the efficacy data and ensure the most accurate, up-to-date efficacy data be made public as quickly as possible.” NIAID, headed by U.S. infectious-diseases expert Dr. Anthony Fauci, is part of the National Institutes of Health. In a statement, AstraZeneca said that the numbers it published on Monday were based on a prespecified interim analysis with a data cutoff of February 17.  “We have reviewed the preliminary assessment of the primary analysis and the results were consistent with the interim analysis. We are now completing the validation of the statistical analysis,” the company said, adding that it will “immediately” engage with the DSMB to share its primary analysis with the most up -to-date efficacy data.   It intends to issue results of the primary analysis within 48 hours. U.S.-listed shares of AstraZeneca dropped 2% in premarket trading, while shares fell more than 1% in London. ‘Likely a very good vaccine,’ says Fauci “When the data from the trial that was conducted predominantly in the U.S. was analyzed by the DSMB, together with the company, what happens is the company put out a press release giving data and making some conclusions about the efficacy,” he said.  “When they [DSMB] saw that press release, they got concerned and wrote a rather harsh note to them and copied to me saying that they felt the data that was in the press release was somewhat outdated and might, in fact, be misleading a bit, and wanted them to straighten it out,” he added.  Fauci said his agency then put together Tuesday’s statement “telling the company to get back with the DSMB and make sure the correct data get put into a press release.” Acknowledging some potential public concerns over the vaccine, he said any final decisions on its usage will be made by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), which will “independently go over every bit of data themselves.” The concerns may cast doubt on whether AstraZeneca will be able to seek U.S. emergency use authorization for the shot, which was developed in collaboration with the University of Oxford, in the coming weeks as planned. The trial also showed there were no safety issues regarding blood clots. AstraZeneca said on Monday that it will prepare for the primary analysis from its U.S. trial to be submitted to the FDA for emergency use authorization in the coming weeks. The analysis will also be submitted for publication in a peer-reviewed journal. Data from the Phase 3 trial involved more than 32,000 volunteers, mostly in the U.S. but also in Chile and Peru. The NIAID statement said authorization and guidelines for use of the vaccine in the U.S. will be determined after thorough review of the data by independent advisory committees. Countries including Germany, Italy and Spain have restarted inoculations with the AstraZeneca vaccine since the European Medicines Agency declared it “safe and effective” after its own investigation found no link to blood clots. France is limiting use of the shot to those aged over 55. The U.S. trial also showed there were no safety issues regarding blood clots. ‘Another own goal’ for AstraZeneca, says Citi The latest hiccup for AstraZeneca is just another headache for shareholders, said a team of Citi analysts led by Andrew Baum, in a note to clients. Tuesday’s public statement suggests “an extraordinarily high level of friction” between the DSMB and the drug company, he added. “The implication of the DSMB feedback is that AZN may have overstated the efficacy of the vaccine in at least a subgroup of the patients,” he said.  Baum said the company’s missteps are likely due to several factors: lack of prior expertise in vaccine manufacturing and development; “late-stage opt in to a suboptimal academic-designed clinical trial program; “extraordinary political pressures” worsened by Brexit, and “likely internal exceptionalism” linked to the “pro-bono” nature of the program.  “While the vaccine does not economically contribute to AZN’s P&L [profit and loss], AZN’s multiple missteps with the vaccine have contributed to the ongoing multiple compression since 4Q 2020,” said Baum. Citi rates AstraZeneca a buy.   Robinhood Markets Inc. said Monday afternoon that data from customers of its mobile trading app was accessed in a breach last week, and shares declined in late trading. Lina Saigol is the London-based head of corporate news in the Europe, Middle East and Africa regions for MarketWatch and Barron’s Group. Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. ",816,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886133858,2021-03-23 04:31:43,"Gunman Kills 10 People in Grocery Store Shooting in Boulder, Colo.",https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/us/boulder-colorado-shooting.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by The shooting in Colorado comes only six days after another deadly mass shooting in the Atlanta area, which left eight people dead. Send any friend a story People inside the grocery, King Soopers, described a harrowing and chaotic scene inside the store. “I thought I was going to die,” said Alex Arellano, 35, who was working in the meat department at King Soopers, in the South Boulder area, when he heard a series of gunshots, then saw people running toward an exit near his department. For a while, Mr. Arellano said he and two other men hid in the department. He said that he could hear the gunfire, but could see no one. “The shots are getting closer,” he recalled in an interview. “I’m thinking of my parents, and I was freaking out.” Mr. Arellano said that he and the men he was hiding with eventually escaped through an exit in the back of the building. The authorities identified the police officer who died in the shooting as Eric Talley, who had served with the Boulder department since 2010 and was the first to arrive at the scene of the grocery store shooting. Gov. Jared Polis and other officials issued statements of sympathy and sadness. “My prayers are with our fellow Coloradans in this time of sadness and grief as we learn more about the extent of the tragedy,” Mr. Polis said. Sam Weaver, the mayor of Boulder, said on Twitter: “Words can do no justice to the tragedy that has unfolded this afternoon. Our community will soon grieve our losses, and begin our healing.” Dean Schiller, a witness who saw officers gathering outside the store, posted a live video from the scene shortly after the shooting began. He said he heard about a dozen shots and saw three people who appeared to be wounded — two in the parking lot and one inside the supermarket. “I have some friends who are in there who are very close to me, so I’m just hoping that they’re all right,” Mr. Schiller said. His videos showed dozens of police officers stationed around the store. Using a lift, several officers reached the roof of the building while more than a dozen others lined up outside the main doors. Dozens of other people were led out of the grocery, which usually draws a mix of families and college students in a residential area a couple of miles south of the campus of the University of Colorado. In Mr. Schiller’s video, gunshots could be heard coming from inside the store, with officers gathering at the entrance. Over a loudspeaker, police officers called to the scene could be heard saying, “The entire building is surrounded, you need to surrender.” “Come out with your hands up,” the officers said. One patient from the scene was being treated at Foothills Hospital in Boulder, according to a spokesman for the Boulder Community Health System, who said he was not able to release information on the patient’s condition. Taylor Shaver, who works at Art Cleaners, a dry cleaning and laundry business near the supermarket, said that she heard at least 10 gunshots and saw people running from the grocery store. “I’m in the bathroom hiding,” Ms. Shaver said. “I heard this loud boom. I instantly knew. There was a ton of shots. My stomach dropped.” Ms. Shaver, 18, added that it was particularly unnerving because it was her first day working alone at the dry cleaning business. Jordan Crumby, a student at the University of Colorado at Boulder, said in an interview that she was about to get a tattoo with the word “warning” on her hip at Auspicious Tattoo, a shop across from the grocery store, when the shooting began. Ms. Crumby, 31, said she stepped outside to record a video of the scene for her Instagram feed, when the police waved her away. In the videos, officers with tactical gear and rifles could be seen swarming the shopping center. People from the grocery store, she said, were being evacuated. “They had their hands over their heads and they’re getting escorted out,” she said. “I said, ‘We should probably go inside.’” Colorado has been the scene of a number of fatal mass shootings in recent years, including one at a crowded movie theater in Aurora during a midnight screening of a Batman film in 2012 that left 12 dead. At Columbine High School in Littleton in 1999, a teacher and 12 students were killed. Advertisement ",750,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886133901,2021-03-23 03:23:34,"Boulder shooting: Suspect kills 10 in Colorado supermarket, including one police officer; suspect arrested: Here's what we know now",https://news.yahoo.com/boulder-shooting-suspect-kills-10-072334838.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"A 21-year-old Colorado man faced murder charges Tuesday in the shooting rampage at a Boulder supermarket that left 10 people dead and fueled chaos as panicked shoppers fled to safety amid the hail of bullets. The Boulder shooting suspect, identified as Ahmad Al Aliwi Alissa, was shot in the leg, Herold said. He was booked into the county jail on murder charges Tuesday after being treated at a hospital. Alissa is due to make his first court appearance Thursday. ""Today our city is grieving the senseless loss of 10 lives in our community,"" Mayor Sam Weaver said. ""A man with a gun monstrously struck them down."" Investigators have not established a motive, but they believe Alissa was the only shooter, Boulder County District Attorney Michael Dougherty said. Details we know so far: The victims were identified as Denny Stong, 20; Neven Stanisic, 23; Rikki Olds, 25; Tralona Bartkowiak, 49; Suzanne Fountain, 59; Teri Leiker, 51; Eric Talley, 51; Kevin Mahoney, 61; Lynn Murray, 62; and Jody Waters, 65. A law enforcement official briefed on the shooting told The Associated Press that the gunman used an AR-15 rifle, a lightweight semi-automatic rifle. Officials were trying to trace the weapon. The official was not authorized to speak publicly and spoke to AP on condition of anonymity. The shooting began around 2:30 p.m. local time at a King Soopers supermarket in Boulder, about 25 miles northwest of Denver and home to the University of Colorado. Alissa, a resident of the Denver suburb of Arvada, went to a King Soopers supermarket in Boulder — about 20 miles away — with two weapons, including an AR-15-style rifle he purchased six days before, according to an arrest affidavit. He shot and killed 10 people before surrendering to police with a leg wound, after stripping down to his shorts. The affidavit describes Alissa as standing 5 feet, 6 inches tall, and weighing 200 pounds, with a beer belly and a balding head. Ali Alissa, 34, told CNN his brother was bullied in high school for being Muslim and became antisocial and increasingly paranoid around 2014. As a high school senior in 2018, Ahmad Alissa was found guilty of assaulting a fellow student in class after knocking him to the floor and punching him in the head several times, according to a police affidavit that said Alissa complained the student had called him ""racial names.'' Ali Alissa said he believes his brother has a mental illness. “He always suspected someone was behind him, someone was chasing him,'' Ali Alissa said. ""He would say, ‘Someone is chasing me, someone is investigating me,’ and we’re like, ‘Come on, man, there’s nothing.’ He was just closing into himself.’’ ""These are bills that received votes with both Republicans and Democrats in the House. This is not and should not be a partisan issue,'' Biden said. ""This is an American issue that will save lives, American lives. And we have to act. We should also ban assault weapons in the process."" Addressing the grieving families of victims of gun violence, not only from the two mass shootings within a week in Colorado and Georgia but also previous incidents across the U.S., Biden said: ""We have to act so there's not more of you, there's fewer of you as time goes on.'' A handful of vigils have been scheduled to commemorate the victims of Monday's shooting rampage at a supermarket in Boulder, Colorado, which claimed 10 lives. Among the live remembrances, a candlelight vigil originally scheduled for Tuesday at 7 p.m. Mountain time at the Boulder County Courthouse was moved to Wednesday at the same time and location. Another vigil is set for Thursday at 6:30 p.m. MT at Fairview High School in Boulder. At the King Soopers on Tuesday, yellow crime-scene tape ringed a parking lot filled with Subarus, Jeeps and other cars abandoned by their owners. One car's trunk remained open, as if deserted while its owner was loading groceries when the shooting began. Police officers from neighboring cities were helping secure the area, and evidence markers dotted the parking lot, along with two black tents erected where bodies once lay. A small memorial of flowers and signs was growing outside the hastily erected fence keeping the public away. Broken glass lay on the pavement in several areas, from the store's windows, but also from the front windows of a Ford Transit delivery van. Two organizations have already stepped up to lend a hand to those most impacted by Monday's massacre at a Boulder, Colorado, supermarket. More groups are likely to offer help. The United Food and Commercial Workers International Union represents the King Soopers workers. UFCW International President Marc Perrone urged Governor Jared Polis and Colorado leaders to work with law enforcement on the investigation. Perrone issued a statement lauding the ""brave Colorado grocery workers caught in the crossfire of this tragic shooting."" Kim Cordova, the president of a union that represents 32 workers at the store's meat department, said there was mass confusion when the incident began and some workers at first thought the shooter was on the roof. ""It was just terror,"" said Cordova, relaying conversations she had with members inside the store. ""They grabbed co-workers and customers and either hid or led them to hiding spaces, got them out the back of the store. They started hearing shots and their first instincts was to grab customers and co-workers and try to get to safety."" Anna Haynes said she was in her apartment across the street from the store when she heard noises outside that she assumed were firecrackers or a car backfiring. She told CNN she looked outside to see a body on the ground and a man, armed with a semiautomatic rifle, shoot at someone. He then went inside the store, and moments later people were running out. ""It devolved into chaos in just a couple of minutes,"" she said. Democratic Rep. Joe Neguse, whose district includes Boulder, said the loss of life ""is truly heartbreaking and unimaginable."" He expressed condolences to the victims and added that ""enough is enough."" ""If we are truly invested in saving lives, then we must have the willpower to act and to pass meaningful gun reform,"" Neguse said in a statement. ''The time for inaction is over.” ""And it's not just mass shootings: according to the CDC, on average, 109 Americans lose their lives every day to gun violence. It's long past time to act on this nation's gun violence epidemic,"" Durbin said. ""I was definitely in a life-threatening situation if the shooter came to the kiosk,"" he said. When it was over, at least two friends and co-workers had been killed, he said. Another friend has not answered his phone, and Smith said he does not yet know that friend's fate. ""It's definitely been rough,"" he said. ""It's harder than it was yesterday, just thinking about the friends that I lost.'' By the third shot, he was running to the back of the store. He never saw the gunman or the victims. ""What I saw was a terrified face running toward me,"" he said. ""We all ran... I saw a lot of very wide eyes."" The slain officer was identified as Eric Talley, 51, who had been with the police department since 2010, Herold said. He went to the store after a call about shots fired and someone carrying a rifle, she said. “He was by all accounts one of the outstanding officers of the Boulder Police Department, and his life was cut too short,” Dougherty said of Talley. On Tuesday, Biden commended Talley's ""exceptional bravery,'' saying, ""When the moment to act came, officer Talley did not hesitate in his duty, making the ultimate sacrifice in his effort to save lives. That's the definition of an American hero.'' King Soopers, a Denver-based subsidiary of supermarket giant Kroger, operates more than 150 stores in Colorado and Wyoming. ""In the hours since the shooting, we're learning of truly heroic acts that included associates, customers and first responders selflessly helping to protect and save others,"" the statement said. ""We will remain forever grateful to the first responders who so bravely responded to protect our associates and customers."" The company offered prayers and support for all affected, including the three grocery workers who died in the killings. In the wake of mass shootings elsewhere, Kroger asked shoppers in 2019 to leave firearms at home. The change in policy came a day after grocery rival Walmart made a similar shift. In 2012, a lone gunman opened fire at a movie theater in Aurora, Colorado, during a showing of ""The Dark Knight Rises."" The assailant, who was convicted and sentenced to life in prison, used tear gas and multiple guns as he sealed off doors and terrorized 400 people. Twelve died and 58 others suffered gunshot wounds. And in May 2019, one student was killed and eight others injured in an ambush attack at STEM School Highlands Ranch, a charter school located in Douglas County. As in Columbine, the assailants were students. One pleaded guilty and the other is awaiting trial in May 2021. The mass killing, as well as the shootings that left eight dead in Georgia last week, have drawn greater scrutiny to a problem that has been boiling over throughout the past year. Mass shootings — incidents that injure or kill more than four people, not including the perpetrator — rose nearly 50% in 2020 amid the pandemic that left millions unemployed and millions of teenagers idle. Contributing: Mike James, Dan Wolken, Jim Sergent and Elinor Aspegren, USA TODAY; Sady Swanson; The Coloradoan; Alexander Coolidge, Cincinnati Enquirer; The Associated Press “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family Markieff Morris: I love to see the hate! No doubt I took a hard foul which I always do but I've never hit a man with his back turned! Luckily we built different over here. I can take my licks and keep pushing. Joker 1 smooth 0 lol. Source: Twitter ... Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? Mayfield wished OBJ well personally but also made it clear he was happy with the Browns team now sans Beckham The Patriots made three roster moves Monday that suggest more transactions could be coming ahead of Sunday's game against the Browns. ",2081,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886136738,2021-03-23 03:24:15,‘Sickening.’ Australians Have Been Shocked by Reports of Sex at the Country’s Legislature,https://time.com/5949199/australia-sex-parliament/,en,False,,4419,Time,http://time.com,Looks like we can't find what you're looking for.  ,11,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886133890,2021-03-23 01:24:53,Australia and New Zealand welcome sanctions against Chinese,https://news.yahoo.com/australia-zealand-welcome-sanctions-against-052453585.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"BEIJING (AP) — China on Tuesday said it summoned foreign diplomats in protest after the United States, the European Union, Canada and Britain jointly imposed sanctions on senior Chinese officials over alleged human rights abuses in China’s far western Xinjiang region. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying on Tuesday called the new sanctions a “slander and an affront to the reputation and dignity of the Chinese people.” “I admonish them that they should not underestimate the firm determination of the Chinese people to defend their national interests and dignity, and they will pay the price for their folly and arrogance,” Hua told reporters at a daily briefing. That came hours after the Chinese and Russian foreign ministers denounced a new wave of criticism and sanctions against both countries over human rights. At a news conference in the southern Chinese city of Nanning, China's Wang Yi and Russia's Sergei Lavrov rejected outside critiques of their authoritarian political systems and said they were working to further global progress on issues from climate change to the coronavirus pandemic. “Countries should stand together to oppose all forms of unilateral sanctions,” Wang said. “These measures will not be embraced by the international community.” Russia is also under Western sanctions over human rights abuses and military aggression against Ukraine. Lavrov said Russia’s ties with China grew stronger as Moscow’s relations with the EU suffered damage, while accusing the West of “imposing their own rules on everyone else, which they believe should underpin the world order.” “If Europe broke these relations, simply destroying all the mechanisms that have been created for many years ... then, probably, objectively, this leads to the fact that our relations with China are developing faster than what’s left of relations with European countries,” Lavrov said. In a joint statement issued after the meeting, the two ministers said no country should seek to impose its form of democracy on others. “Interference in a sovereign nation’s internal affairs under the excuse of ‘advancing democracy’ is unacceptable,” the statement said. China says members of the Uyghur and other Muslim minority groups in Xinjiang have voluntarily taken part in job training and de-radicalization courses, denying charges that more than 1 million have been locked up in prison-like reeducation camps where they are forced to reject their native culture and pledge loyalty to the ruling Communist Party and its leader Xi Jinping. Media outlets, foreign governments and activist groups say abuses, including forced labor and coerced birth control, are ongoing. The Australian and New Zealand governments reiterated their grave concerns about the growing number of credible reports of severe human rights abuses in Xinjiang. The two, whose economies are heavily reliant on trade with China, have not imposed sanctions themselves. “We share these countries’ deep concerns, which are held across the Australian and New Zealand communities,” Australian Foreign Minister Marise Payne and her New Zealand counterpart Nanaia Mahuta said in a joint statement. “Today, we underscore the importance of transparency and accountability, and reiterate our call on China to grant meaningful and unfettered access to Xinjiang for United Nations experts, and other independent observers,” the statement added. British Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab said the multi-national measures were part of “intensive diplomacy” by the U.K., the United States, Canada and the 27-nation EU to force action amid mounting evidence of serious rights abuses against Uyghurs. The sanctions will be imposed immediately and include travel bans and asset freezes against four officials, Raab said. U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said in a statement the united response ""sends a strong signal to those who violate or abuse international human rights, and we will take further actions in coordination with likeminded partners."" Sanctions have also been opposed by the U.S. on Chinese and Hong Kong officials accused of rolling back freedoms in the former British colony that was handed over to Chinese rule in 1997. Britain has offered residency and a path to citizenship to millions born before the handover, further infuriating the authorities in Beijing. Beijing swiftly responded to Monday's move by the EU by in turn slapping sanctions on 10 European individuals and four institutions that it said had damaged China’s interests and “maliciously spread lies and disinformation.” Germany on Tuesday summoned the Chinese ambassador in Berlin to complain about the move, saying sanctions against EU lawmakers, scientists, political institutions and non-governmental organizations represented “an unreasonable escalation that will unnecessarily strain relations between the EU and China.” ___ McGuirck reported from Canberra, Australia. Frank Jordans in Berlin contributed to this report. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family Markieff Morris: I love to see the hate! No doubt I took a hard foul which I always do but I've never hit a man with his back turned! Luckily we built different over here. I can take my licks and keep pushing. Joker 1 smooth 0 lol. Source: Twitter ... Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? Mayfield wished OBJ well personally but also made it clear he was happy with the Browns team now sans Beckham The Patriots made three roster moves Monday that suggest more transactions could be coming ahead of Sunday's game against the Browns. ",1227,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886136731,2021-03-23 04:02:38,"AstraZeneca May Have Used Outdated Information in Its Vaccine Trial, U.S. Health Officials Say",https://time.com/5949206/astrazeneca-us-vaccine-trial-data/,en,False,,4419,Time,http://time.com,Looks like we can't find what you're looking for.  ,11,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886140704,2021-03-23 04:50:17,Australian government rocked by fresh sex scandal,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392299/Australian-government-rocked-fresh-sex-scandal.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 21 The Australian government has been rocked by another sex scandal - this time after a whistleblower leaked videos and pictures of government employees flashing and performing lewd sex acts inside parliament. In one video, filmed in 2018 and leaked by a whistleblower named only as Tom, a male aide can be seen performing a sex act on a female colleague's desk. He also alleged that staff regularly have sex in a prayer room at Parliament House in Canberra, and that sex workers are frequently brought into the building 'for the pleasure of coalition MPs'. It comes after Brittany Higgins, a former staffer of the ruling Liberal Party, claimed she was raped by a senior colleague in parliament in 2019 but felt pressured not to report the incident to police  Prime Minister Scott Morrison, who was already under pressure over his handling of the Higgins case, said on Tuesday that he was 'shocked and disgusted' by the latest revelations and added that 'we have to get our house in order'. A whistleblower inside Australia's parliament has leaked photos and videos which reveal staffers exposing themselves inside the building (pictured)  A video also shows a male staffer performing a solo sex act on a female MP's desk, in what Prime Minister Scott Morrison branded 'disgusting' behaviour  The aide featured in the solo sex act video has since been fired, but there was further outrage after assistant minister Michelle Landry said she 'felt bad' for him. Referring to him as a 'young fellow', she added that he 'loved the place' before conceding that his behaviour had been 'unacceptable'. Whistleblower Tom said there was a 'culture of men thinking that they can do whatever they want' in parliament, and while he did not think the staffers had broken any laws he added: 'Morally, they are bankrupt'.  Minister for Women Marise Payne said the revelations were 'beyond disappointing' and highlighted the need for a government-ordered inquiry into parliament's workplace culture. Cabinet minister Karen Andrews said she had had an 'absolute gutful' of sexism in politics and her 'conscience will no longer allow me to remain quiet'. She told reporters in Canberra that the ruling Liberal Party should consider gender quotas for its political representatives. The fresh sexism revelations on Tuesday prompted Indigenous Senator Lidia Thorpe to disclose alleged sexual harassment by four male politicians since she took office just six months ago. The whistleblower, identified only as Tom, also alleged that a prayer room in parliament is frequently used for sex with sex workers brought into the building Thorpe, a representative for the Greens party, told the Canberra Times the 'brazen' harassment had included 'suggestive' remarks and unwanted touching. 'These are men that write our laws - men that should know better,' she tweeted. 'What they've done is violating behaviour. It's physical. It's sexualising, objectifying behaviour - it makes me feel physically sick.' Australia's parliament has been repeatedly criticised for a 'toxic' workplace culture that has allegedly spawned persistent bullying, harassment and sexual assault of women - particularly in the ruling coalition. Former government staffer Brittany Higgins alleged publicly last month that she had been raped by a colleague in a minister's parliamentary office in 2019. And earlier this month, Attorney-General Christian Porter vigorously denied swirling accusations he had raped a 16-year-old girl in 1988 when they were both students. The controversies have placed growing pressure on the prime minister, who critics say has fumbled the government's response. Prime Minister Scott Morrison, already under pressure over his handling of rape allegations against his attorney general, called the latest revelations 'disgusting' Morrison grew emotional at a press conference in Canberra on Tuesday when talking about the importance of his wife, mother and daughters, also saying women had endured a 'very traumatic' month. 'These events have triggered, right across this building and indeed right across the country, women who have put up with this rubbish and this crap for their entire lives, as their mothers did, as their grandmothers did,' he said. Tens of thousands of women this month joined '#March4Justice' rallies to protest sexual violence and gender inequality, calling for systemic change in politics and wider Australian society. The opposition Labor party, which already has gender quotas in place, has not been immune from similar allegations. A Facebook group of female workers recently detailed alleged sexual harassment by male colleagues and politicians. Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",744,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886140865,2021-03-23 01:00:27,Top Fox Business Producer Dies Of COVID-19,https://www.huffpost.com/entry/fox-business-eric-spinato-covid-death_n_60596313c5b6d6c2a2a9910d,en,False,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"Trends Reporter, HuffPost His brother, Dean, wrote on Instagram: “COVID took my brother. He was a gem and one of a kind. I love you Bro.” A post shared by Dean Spinato (@deanspinato) The company expressed condolences to Spinato’s family, including his two sons. A HuffPost Guide To Coronavirus Trends Reporter, HuffPost ",53,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886140699,2021-03-23 04:58:51,"Tear-jerking moment boy, 10, is reunited with his dog Bruiser two months after he went missing",https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392313/Tear-jerking-moment-boy-10-reunited-dog-Bruiser-two-months-went-missing.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 234 A ten-year-old boy has been reunited with his dog two months after he slipped his leash and went missing. Video footage taken on his mother's phone shows the sweet moment Tyler Bandy was reunited with his dog when he bounded towards him in the kitchen of their home. Tyler's mother Bandy revealed the family had started 'to lose hope' their dog would ever be found after all their efforts to track him down failed. Video footage taken on his mother's phone shows Tyler Bandy, 10,  being reunited with Bruiser when the dog bounds over to him in the kitchen of their home near Fort Meade, Florida The family posted on Facebook, left clothes carrying their scent out near their home and stuck flyers up promising a reward to anyone who found Bruiser. On March 4, Bandy said Highlands County Animal Control called with the news their dog had been brought in. Tyler's mother didn't tell her son the dog was returning home so his reaction was one of total surprise. As Bruiser ran towards him, Tyler threw his snack on the counter and fell to his knees to give the animal a hug as he said his dog's name in disbelief. Tyler's parents held Bruiser back as Tyler walked up the steps. When they let the dog go he ran full pelt towards the 10-year-old Bruiser's tail wags ferociously as he licks Tyler's face during the adorable reunion Bruiser's tail wagged ferociously as he licked Tyler's face during the adorable reunion. As Tyler looked up towards the camera the worry of the last two months fell in tears down his cheeks and he wailed as Bruiser lay in his lap to comfort him.  Highlands Country Sheriff's Office shared the video online with the caption: 'Here is a special treat to send you into the weekend crying some happy tears.' They added: 'A couple of months ago, a family who lives near Fort Meade lost their dog after he ran off chasing a rabbit.  'Despite making all efforts to find him – Facebook posts, calling Animal Control and Animal Services, leaving a towel outside so he may catch the scent, etc – they could not find him.  As Tyler looks up towards the camera the worry of the last two months falls in tears down his cheeks and he wails as Bruiser lays in his lap to comfort him 'Two months to the day after he was lost, they had pretty much given up hope of ever seeing their dog again. That’s when the phone rang.  'Turns out their dog had been picked up by somebody on their way to Highlands County and, after a couple of months, it wound up in the hands of our Animal Services folks.  'Teri Dosil at Animal Services thought the dog looked familiar and started digging through Facebook posts. Sure enough, it was the same dog.  'His name is Bruiser. To say Bruiser had a joyous homecoming would be putting it lightly. 'Tyler, who is 10, was simply overcome when his parents surprised him with his best friend. The two have been inseparable since then.'  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",540,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886140692,2021-03-23 05:00:05,Cop killed in Boulder shooting had been seeking new job,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392341/Cop-killed-Boulder-shooting-seeking-new-job.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 30 The father-of-seven police officer killed in the Boulder grocery store massacre had recently been looking to step away from the front lines to protect his family after joining the force a decade ago after his friend was killed in a DUI crash. Boulder Police officer Eric Talley, 51, was among the 10 people shot dead at a King Soopers outlet in Boulder on Monday when a gunman, identified by police as 21-year-old Ahmad Al Aliwi Alissa, opened fire. In the aftermath of the massacre, Talley's father said the slain officer had been learning to become a drone operator so he could step away from the front line. 'He didn't want to put his family through something like this,' his father Homer Talley said. Talley is survived by his his wife and their seven children. Their youngest child is seven years old. 'He loved his kids and his family more than anything,' his father said. Boulder Police Chief Maris Herold paid tribute to Talley on Tuesday, acknowledging that he became a police officer because he realized he had a 'higher calling'.   'He was a very kind man who didn't have to go into policing. He had a profession before this. He had a higher calling,' an emotional Herold said. 'He's everything policing needs and deserves. He was willing to die to protect others.' Boulder Police officer Eric Talley, 51, was among the 10 people gunned down in Boulder, Colorado on Monday.  Talley's sister Kirstin paid tribute to her brother with a heartbreaking childhood photo of them both The sister of the fallen police officer said she could 'not explain how beautiful he was and what a devastating loss this is to so many' Herold said she had Talley and his family in her office just two weeks ago. 'I feel numb. It's heartbreaking to talk to victims, their families. It is tragic,' she said.  'This officer had seven children. I had his whole family in my office to weeks ago to give him an award.'  Talley had been working as an officer for just over a decade after enrolling in the Aurora's Police Training Academy when he was 40 years old. Talley, who had a master's degree, had quit his stable IT job in 2010 after one of his close friends died in a DUI crash. His police academy friend Jeremy Herko told the Washington Post: 'He was pretty driven to join law enforcement.   'That was his life. He absolutely loved his job and wanted to serve the community. 'It was remarkable to me that somebody would go to law enforcement from IT. He lost pay. He lost time away from his family. He joined the police academy without a guaranteed job.' In a separate social media tribute, Herko said of his slain friend: 'He was a devout Christian, he had to buy a 15-passenger van to haul all his kids around, and he was the nicest guy in the world.' It comes as Talley's sister Kirstin paid tribute to her brother with a heartbreaking childhood photo of them both, saying she could 'not explain how beautiful he was and what a devastating loss this is to so many'. 'Officer Eric Talley is my big brother. He died today in the Boulder shooting,' she wrote in her tribute. 'My heart is broken. I cannot explain how beautiful he was and what a devastating loss this is to so many. Fly high my sweet brother. You always wanted to be a pilot (damn color blindness). Soar.'  Talley had been working as an officer for just over a decade after enrolling in the Aurora's Police Training Academy when he was 40 years old. Talley, who had a master's degree, had quit his stable IT job in 2010 after one of his close friends died in a DUI crash Another friend said Eric Talley (far left) had 'loved serving his community' and said they were 'glad you were a part of my life growing up together'  The Boulder police department shared a photo of Talley in uniform with the caption: 'Rest in peace Officer Eric Talley. Your service will never be forgotten' Another friend named Kevin Lederer posted a picture of Talley in his younger days and said that the fallen police officer had loved his job.   'RIP Eric, my old friend. I know you loved serving your community. I am glad you were a part of my life growing up together,' he said.  After joining the force, Talley made headlines in 2013 as one of three officers who helped save 11 ducklings that had become stuck in a drainage ditch with their mother.   Talley eventually waded into calf-deep water to rescue the ducks one by one from the pipes, the Boulder Daily Camera reported at the time.  Following his death on Monday, Boulder police chief Maris Herold described Talley as 'heroic' and confirmed that he was the first to respond to the shooting at a King Soopers supermarket.  'We know of 10 fatalities at the scene, including one of our Boulder PD officers... Officer Talley responded to the scene - was first on the scene - and he was fatally shot,' Herold said when news broke. The Boulder police department shared a photo of Talley in uniform with the caption: 'Rest in peace Officer Eric Talley. Your service will never be forgotten'.  His colleagues gave him a hero's procession on Monday evening as his body was removed from the scene.  Law enforcement personnel salutes as the motorcade carrying fallen Boulder Police officer Eric Talley exits the King Soopers grocery store in Boulder on Monday night His colleagues gave him a hero's procession on Monday evening as his body was removed from the scene A gunman killed 10 people, including a police officer, at a grocery store in Colorado on Monday as footage showed a handcuffed man covered in blood and injured shoppers lying inside and outside the supermarket. This image is an aerial view of a procession that occurred for Officer Eric Talley who was killed in the shooting at King Soopers  Talley is the sixth on-duty death in the Boulder Police Department's history and the first officer killed in the line of duty since 1994. 'He was, by all accounts, one of the outstanding officers at the Boulder Police Department and his life was cut far too short,' Michael Dougherty, the Boulder County district attorney, told local outlets.   The gunman - who is now in custody - opened fire at the grocery store shortly before 3pm on Monday.  Witnesses have described hiding in food aisles and sheltering while trying to listen to which direction he was coming from, and if he was reloading what they described as an AR-15 rifle.  It's unclear who the shooter is, what his motive was or why it is taking so long for him to be formally identified by law enforcement.  They have not confirmed whether a white man who was seen emerging from the store, shirtless and barefoot, in handcuffs with blood pouring down his leg, is the shooter. They have said that the only person who was injured and not killed is the gunman. No charges have been filed yet.  Colorado has been the scene of some of the most shocking mass shootings in modern US history. In 2012, a young man dressed in tactical gear burst into a movie theater in the Denver suburb of Aurora during a midnight screening and sprayed the audience with gunfire, killing 12 and wounding 70.  In 1999, a pair of students went on a shooting rampage at Columbine High School near Littleton, Colorado, killing 12 classmates and a teacher, and then themselves.   A gunman shot and killed ten people at a supermarket in Boulder, Colorado, on Monday. It's unclear if this man - who was seen being taken away in handcuffs with blood pouring down his leg - is him. Police won't confirm the shooter's identity yet. They have confirmed that the only person who was injured and survived the shooting was the gunman. Everyone else died  Crime scene investigators walk outside the shattered King Soopers supermarket on Monday as they begin their inquiries into the mass shooting  The aftermath of the King Soopers shooting in which ten people including Talley were killed    Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",1390,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886140686,2021-03-23 05:01:20,Former England striker Frank Worthington dies aged 72...,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392423/Former-England-striker-Frank-Worthington-dies-aged-72-long-illness.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 613 Tributes have poured in for footballing icon Frank Worthington, who has died aged 72 after a long battle with dementia. Gary Lineker hailed the ex-England striker his 'boyhood hero' and described him as 'a beautiful footballer, a maverick and a wonderful character.'   Huddersfield, Leicester and Bolton clubs also honoured their former star, who led an extraordinary 828-game career racking up 260 goals. Famed for his audacious skills on the pitch and his veracious partying off it, Worthington passed away peacefully in hospital in West Yorkshire yesterday, his family said. Worthington was diagnosed with dementia in 2016, and is one of hundreds of former top players to suffer with the illness as evidence grows that there is a link between heading the ball and brain injuries. Today his wife Carol paid tribute to the much-loved football showman, saying he 'brought joy to so many people throughout his career and in his private life'.    The England star, who refused to wear shinpads during matches, was compared to George Best in terms of his footballing talent and love of women and nightclubs.  In his book One Hump or Two he describes some of his greatest goals, including one against Chelsea which he celebrated at a London nightclub where he danced with American actress Raquel Welch who then tried to kiss him.  On another occasion he was fined by Huddersfield Town for hiding exotic dancers in his hotel wardrobe before a big match.  His most famous goal, considered one of the best of all time, came for Bolton against Ipswich Town, where he did a few keepy uppies outside the box before flicking it over his head and volleying it into the net.   Former Huddersfield, Leicester, Bolton and England striker Frank Worthington has died aged 72 after battling dementia Worthington hit the headlines as much for his off-field exploits as his rarefied talents on it, especially in his book One Hump or Two? where he described being wooed by pin-up Raquel Welch in a London nightclub Frank Worthington eventually settled down with model Carol Dwyer, and the couple remained together until his death Worthington's wife Carol (pictured together in 2019) paid tribute to the much-loved football showman, who died in hospital in Huddersfield Flamboyant Frank Worthington dressed as Elvis Presley supported by the Grumbleweeds Group at the Bailey's Club in Leicester in 1975 Tributes for Worthington flooded in from clubs and players including Gary Lineker, who hailed him 'a beautiful footballer, a maverick and a wonderful character' Former striker Chris Sutton is fighting for football to change its attitude to dementia Sutton's professional footballer father, Mike, died on Boxing Day following a 10-year battle with dementia. And the player-turned-pundit has spearheaded Sportsmail's campaign for research funding, temporary concussion substitutes and limited heading in training to protect players. 'This meeting should have happened 20 years ago,' said Sutton. 'The fact is the FA and PFA [Professional Footballers' Association] have not done anywhere near enough. They have ignored, shunned, turned their backs on a massive issue. 'Hundreds of players have died. My father among them. And we do not even know what has happened in the amateur game.' 'They have not been interested,'he added. 'Gordon Taylor has blood on his hands.  'We have to recognise this and we cannot keep talking about it. There are things we can do and we can put in place.'  The MPs on the Department of Culture Media and Sport select committee heard from 10 experts at the hearing on Tuesday, including Dawn Astle, the daughter of West Bromwich Albion forward, Jeff.   Unashamedly anti-establishment, Worthington hit the headlines as much for his off-field exploits as his rarefied talents on it.  Worthington won eight England caps and represented over 20 clubs in a long playing career that began with Huddersfield in 1966. He went on to play for Leicester and Bolton.  Worthington's daughter, Kim Malou, announced on Facebook in 2016 that he had been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease, but he issued a statement the following day denying that he had the condition. He said at the time: 'I have never been diagnosed with Alzheimer's or any other neurological disorder or illness.  'I do have some issues with short-term memory impairment but I have been assured this is not particularly unusual for a man of my age.' However, his loved ones described how the disease took over his life - leaving him a shell of the charismatic great he once was.  Bob said: 'He asked me a couple of months back: ""Do you ever see your parents at all?""  'I had to remind him, as gently as I could, that he actually meant ""our parents"" because they were his mum and dad as well.  'Then I tried to explain that Dad died 40-odd years ago and Mum 25 years ago. ""Oh,"" he'd say, and then he wouldn't talk any more.' Worthington was a fan favourite, much-loved for his outlandish sense of dress and well-reported playboy lifestyle.  An avid Elvis fan - once christened 'the cowboy' on an England Under 23 trip - he often donned medallion-man jewellery, paired with a shirt open at the chest, a fedora and buckled leather boots with his hair slicked back with Brylcreem.  He only stopped wearing the medallions when his wife Carol told him 'it was beginning to look a bit naff', he earlier said. Commenting on his escapades in 1985 he said: 'I admit I have not been an angel, but nothing has ever come before football.'  In 1994, his autobiography One Hump or Two?, detailing his various exploits. One such anecdote sees him fined one week's wages by Huddersfield after being caught hiding two female dancers in his hotel wardrobe before a game at Everton. In another, he recalls joining the Mile High Club with a French woman he had known for 20 minutes on a flight to Los Angeles while playing for Leicester City.  The woman's husband was asleep in the next seat. Frank Worthington joined Huddersfield Town in 1966 (left) and in a glittering career that saw him play at the top level and for England (right in 1974), he retired in 1991 Footballer Frank Worthington seen here with his girlfriend at the time, Vicki, and his Lotus sports car. August 1971 Worthington won eight England caps and represented over 20 clubs in a long playing career that began with Huddersfield in 1966. He went on to play for Leicester and Bolton (pictured playing for the Bolton Wanderers) Worthington also refused to wear shinpads on the pitch, playing with only his socks covering his ankles One of English football's great mavericks, Worthington (pictured in 2004) died peacefully in hospital on March 22, his family announced in a statement Frank Worthington's goal  for Bolton against Ipswich Town in 1979, when the Tractor Boys were one of England's top clubs, is considered one of the greatest of all time Worthington juggled the ball before flicking it over Terry Butcher's head and slamming the ball into the net past the Ipswich Town goalkeeper The increased risk of dementia for footballers after years of heading the ball has only recently become known.   Last week, Gary Lineker, 60, revealed he will be getting tests on his brain to check for the illness. The Match of the Day host scored more headers for England than any other player and says that he and fellow presenters Alan Shearer and Ian Wright fear they could also fall ill.  Jack Charlton died of dementia, while brother Bobby was diagnosed with the disease last year Lineker has also joined a talkSPORT to take part in a radio documentary on the brain condition. He said: 'I've had conversations with Alan Shearer and Ian Wright and others about the worry that come 10, 15 years that it might happen to one of us. The odds suggest that it probably will. 'I have regular health checks, including the brain. So far everything is OK. I'll have my triannual test this summer and ask if there's anything they can establish around the brain, because I don't see how, given the circumstances any footballer wouldn't be worried about it.' According to research on dementia, ex-footballers are 3.5 times more likely to die from the illness than the general population. It comes after several former footballers died of dementia, including England's 1966 World Cup heroes Nobby Stiles, Jack Charlton, Martin Peters and Ray Wilson. Former Leeds United defender Gordon McQueen (left) announced he had dementia last week. Ex-England forward Jeff Astle (right) died in January 2002 aged 59 and an inquest found his death was from repeatedly heading balls Bobby Charlton was diagnosed with the disease last year while former Leeds United defender Gordon McQueen announced he had it last week. Ex-England forward Jeff Astle died in January 2002 aged 59 and an inquest found his death was from repeatedly heading balls. His daughter Dawn, 53, has since led the campaign to battle the dementia in football. Reacting to Gary Lineker's revelation, she told the Mirror: 'It's great to see a big name like Lineker come out and do this. The time between the heading to outcome is often decades. But with all the evidence we have you can look on the balance of probability and say heading's the problem.' Discussing potential ways of limiting the impact of heading the ball, Lineker added: 'Do you want to take heading out of the game? No I don't think so, but you can take heading out of training, or limit it massively. Several former footballers died of dementia, including England's 1966 World Cup heroes Nobby Stiles (right) and Ray Wilson (left) 'If I had known what I know now, I would have certainly limited the amount of heading I did. 'The era of the 1966 players has made us really aware of this.' The organisation leading the fight to understand a link between football and brain disease revealed in November that they know of at least 500 former players who have been affected. The Jeff Astle Foundation believe the number may represent a fraction of the actual total. Six of the 11 players who won the title for Burnley in 1959-60 have died with dementia while a seventh, Jimmy Robson, is also now struggling with the illness. In February it emerged that the FA and PFA are to commission new studies into what causes the increased risk of dementia among footballers. The two bodies have announced they will jointly fund research to follow the 2019 FIELD project, which found ex-footballers to be three and a half times more likely to die of neurodegenerative diseases than the general population. The FA and PFA are seeking applications from researchers to answer the question: what is the cause of the observed increased risk of death from neurodegenerative disorders in former professional footballers found in the FIELD study?  He once admitted that should he have 'taken things a little easier early on' he would have progressed in his career further. He said: 'I have no complaints about my life and my career so far and no regrets, apart from one thing.  'If only I had taken things a little easier early on, I would have gone to Liverpool and the sky would have been the limit, but I have never made excuses for anything because that is a weakness.  'I have always known what I was about and where I was going.' He also refused to wear shinpads on the pitch, playing with only his socks covering his ankles. Worthington is perhaps best known for his most-famous goal, scored for Bolton against Ipswich at the old Burnden Park in 1979.  He spoke about the goal in his last ever interview in 2016. He told Sportsmail's Ian Ladyman: 'It was against Ipswich and it came to me from a throw-in and I controlled it on my head. 'Now I am facing my team's goal with the opponents' goal behind me. I have four international defenders in tow - Terry Butcher and Russell Osman are right behind me - but I am juggling with it and juggling with it. 'I am actually edging away from goal at this point, but then all of a sudden I flick it over my head, spin past Butcher and Osman so now they are going totally the wrong way!  'The ball comes down and I hit it. Bang! Right in the far corner past Paul Cooper's left hand.  'As I turned to acknowledge the fans I felt sorry for Butcher, but still I couldn't resist saying something.  'I pointed to the Main Stand and said: 'You could have got a better view of that from over there.' 'He wasn't impressed.'  In that same interview, Worthington told how US actress Raquel Welch tried to kiss him after a game at Chelsea.  He said: 'Most of my goals weren't even caught on camera. I scored loads for Leicester. I even used my right foot occasionally. 'I scored a nice one at Chelsea once in a game we lost, but that's not what I remember from that day. After the game, guess who I got a strong connection with? Raquel Welch! 'She spotted me in the players' lounge and came over. I took her out later to a nightclub. She had a blue tight-fitting leather suit on. 'I had quite a lot of hair and was a lot younger then. I was wearing some wild clothes and she tried to kiss me on the dance floor. Happily, I didn't have my moustache at the time.'  A statement from Worthington's family read: 'It is with great sadness that the death is announced of football legend Frank Worthington who passed away last night. 'A spokesman for his wife Carol said Frank died peacefully in hospital in Huddersfield following a long illness.' His wife Carol  Worthington said: 'Frank brought joy to so many people throughout his career and in his private life. 'He will be greatly missed by everyone who loved him so much.' Meanwhile, Gary Lineker lead the tributes the footballing great online, taking to Twitter to dub Worthington his 'boyhood hero'. He wrote: 'Profoundly saddened to hear that Frank Worthington has died. He was my boyhood hero when he was at Leicester City.  'A beautiful footballer, a maverick and a wonderful character who was so kind to this young apprentice when he joined the club. RIP Frank (Elvis).'  Football commentator Gary Taphouse added: 'RIP Frank Worthington. One of the great entertainers, scorer of one of the greatest ever goals.'   Worthington's former clubs Bolton and Birmingham added their tributes on social media. 'It is with great sadness that Bolton Wanderers has today learned of the passing of club legend Frank Worthington. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends,' Bolton tweeted. Worthington graced Birmingham's colours from 1979 to 1982, with the Blues quick to add their condolences. 'The club is saddened to learn of the passing of Frank Worthington aged 72. All of our thoughts are with his family and friends at this difficult time,' Birmingham posted on twitter. Huddersfield Town Association Football Club's Twitter account wrote: 'Everyone at Huddersfield Town Football Club is devastated to hear of the passing of Town legend Frank Worthington. 'Our thoughts are with his family and friends.'  Leicester were another of Worthington's former clubs to issue a tribute. 'It is with great sadness that we heard the news of the death of Leicester City legend Frank Worthington, who passed away on 22 March, 2021,' the Foxes tweeted. Southampton hailed Worthington for the joy he took to the south coast in his one-year stint with the Saints. 'Saints FC is saddened by the passing of Frank Worthington, who lit up The Dell with his talents in 1983/84. Our thoughts are with Frank's loved ones,' the club tweeted. Once described by former Huddersfield and Bolton manager Ian Greaves as 'the working man's George Best', Worthington played in 22 consecutive Football League seasons from 1966/7, scoring 266 goals in 882 appearances in all competitions. In 14 of those seasons he played in the top division, notching 150 goals in 466 matches, and won the Golden Boot award in 1978/79 as the leading scorer ahead of Kenny Dalglish and Frank Stapleton.  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",2698,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886141217,2021-03-23 04:37:24,Rare images by one of history's earliest photographers up for sale,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/lD0tlZpHG9c/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886141358,2021-03-23 04:20:11,Settlement over Johns Hopkins gynecologist caught filming patients,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/settlement-over-johns-hopkins-gynecologist-caught-filming-patients/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886141215,2021-03-23 04:53:15,One firefighter and some residents are unaccounted for in fire at New York senior center,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/V0Pl9cGfq9Q/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,CNN's Kristina Sgueglia and Anna Sturla contributed to this report. ,11,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886141353,2021-03-23 04:23:10,Caesar's Casino robbed in Atlantic City,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/caesars-casino-robbed-in-atlantic-city/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886141342,2021-03-23 04:32:10,China's food safety controls have a long way to go,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/chinas-food-safety-controls-have-a-long-way-to-go/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. ,19,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886141333,2021-03-23 04:38:11,Mysterious white flags appear on Brooklyn Bridge,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/mysterious-white-flags-appear-on-brooklyn-bridge/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886141329,2021-03-23 04:39:10,"Chinese tourists swarm Maine, Boston",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/chinese-tourists-swarm-maine-boston/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886141321,2021-03-23 04:40:10,FAA cancels flights to Tel Aviv,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/federal-aviation-administration-cancels-flights-to-tel-aviv/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886141316,2021-03-23 04:41:11,Gaza emergency rooms struggling to treat wounded,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/gaza-emergency-rooms-struggling-to-treat-wounded/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886141312,2021-03-23 04:42:11,MH17 inspectors worry rebels have removed incriminating evidence,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-mh17-inspectors-worry-rebels-have-removed-incriminating-evidence/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886141310,2021-03-23 04:43:10,Intercepted phone calls connect rebels to missile,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-intercepted-phone-calls-connect-rebels-to-missile/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886141306,2021-03-23 04:44:11,Kerry expresses support for Egyptian-proposed ceasefire,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/kerry-expresses-support-for-egyptian-proposed-ceasefire/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886142442,2021-03-23 04:59:24,Dad Finds Out What Else Rolls Downhill After Popping Open SUV's Trunk,https://www.huffpost.com/entry/back-of-suv-open-video_n_60597541c5b66a80f4ea3000,en,False,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"Overnight Editor, HuffPost Caution: Contents may have shifted during travel. “I opened the back of my car and my daughter’s entire bucket of softballs dumped out and rolled all...the...way...down the our hill,” he wrote when he posted the video on Sunday, adding that the hill was almost a quarter of a mile long. Overnight Editor, HuffPost ",57,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886141303,2021-03-23 04:45:12,European sanctions against Russia may be torpedoed,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/european-sanctions-against-russia-may-be-torpedoed/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886141299,2021-03-23 04:48:11,Obamacare challenge,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/obamacare-challenge/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886142517,2021-03-23 04:00:59,Tom Homan: Our border is not closed or secure. That's a lie. Why aren't we being told the truth?,https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/border-closed-secure-lie-truth-tom-homan,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas tells ‘Fox News Sunday’ the Biden administration is encouraging families not to send their migrant children along ‘dangerous’ border. PHOTOS OF CROWDED MIGRANT HOLDING CENTER IN TEXAS RELEASED BY DEMOCRATIC CONGRESSMAN That’s simply not true. This administration is lying to the American people.   I sat in amazement that someone in that position would outwardly and intentionally misstate the facts on national television to the American people who are entrusting him with this country’s safety and security. The border is not closed. All one has to do is look at the images from the border. Thousands of unaccompanied children are streaming in at an almost never-before-seen rate. It is unprecedented.  Thousands of family units are streaming across also. The secretary told Wallace, ""Chris, we do expel families. We are working with Mexico to increase Mexico's capacity to receive the expelled families. … we are operationalizing our processes, executing our plans, we are a nation of laws, and we treat vulnerable children humanely. We can do it and we are doing it."" The secretary said families are being expelled but again that is not the case most of the time. In the interview, Wallace cited a recent CBP statistic that shows nearly 59% are being released into the U.S. overall along with 100% of the unaccompanied children.  One day last week, a CBP command source I know, told me that in one day they released over 82% of the almost 1,400 family units they apprehended into the U.S. To say on national television that you are expelling families is hiding the real truth and data. DEMOCRAT BORDER MAYOR SLAMS BIDEN FOR IMMIGRANT CRISIS: 'WHOSE SIDE ARE YOU ON?"" Mayorkas said the border was secure but my same sources at CBP command tell me that they are averaging over 1,000 ""got-aways"" per day.  ""Got-aways"" are illegal aliens who enter the country unlawfully and are not caught.  The CBP base this number on sensor traffic, camera traffic and foot signs that they could not respond to because they were tied up with hundreds of family units and children.  I have said many times in op-eds for this website and in numerous Fox interviews that the cartels in Mexico control the border. Intelligence reports clearly show that the cartels coordinate the movements of large family groups in one area to overwhelm the Border Patrol so they can move drugs, gang members, criminals and others that don’t want to get caught into the U.S. through the unguarded section of the border. This humanitarian crisis we are witnessing along our border creates a national security crisis. I hope and pray that the secretary sees the same intelligence reports I have seen over the years.  Remember, during the last family and child surge, enough fentanyl was smuggled into this country to kill over 60,000 Americans. That is NOT a secure border regardless of what political side you are on and to say so is disrespectful to the men and women putting their lives on the line guarding our border. PSAKI: BORDER INFLUX 'NOT A CRISIS,' BUT A 'CIRCUMSTANCE' The surge in migrants is not because of President Trump but is clearly because candidate Joe Biden made promises before the election such as ending the Remain in Mexico policy, ending ICE detention, creating a moratorium on deportations, and promising amnesty, DACA fixes and free health care to those who come here illegally.  It doesn’t take a border expert or a DHS secretary to know that when you make those types of promises to vulnerable people, they will come.  Besides, the proof is in the data and the images we see every day.  The American people are not blind or stupid and it should be embarrassing for anyone in this current administration to try to paint the picture along our border otherwise.   The statement Mayorkas made that the administration is not encouraging people to come is also false. The promises I just listed above, along with all the anti-immigration enforcement executive orders President Biden has signed since entering the White House to keep those promises, speak louder than any words. Finally, let me underscore this. Secretary Mayorkas has said we are a nation of laws and the law dictates that those who cross our border have a right to claim asylum. I agree with that. However, the laws also say that after receiving due process and being ordered deported by a federal immigration judge, ICE must carry out that deportation order and remove them.  CLICK HERE TO GET THE OPINION NEWSLETTER I wish the secretary would have been asked, if he believes in the law as he says he does, why he doesn’t enforce the results of those laws and the due process we give them at great taxpayer expenses.  The DOJ website clearly shows that between 86-89% of all Central Americans who claim asylum at the border never receive relief from our courts because they either don’t show up in court or they simply don’t qualify.    However, ICE cannot remove those cases and execute those lawful federal orders because the Biden administration has taken non-criminal fugitives off their list of priorities.  I am sure the secretary knows as well as I do that, according to the recently published DHS immigration life cycle report, out of the hundreds of thousands of family units and unaccompanied children that were ordered removed during the past eight years, less than 3% of them actually left.  That is why they keep coming. Even if they lose in court, they don’t really lose – they get to stay and will be rewarded with amnesty. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP You cannot claim that you are adhering to the law in order to give someone due process on asylum and ignore the final decisions of that very same due process.  Here’s what I would like to tell the secretary: Not removing those asylum seekers who lost their case is ignoring the rule of law. Instead of abolishing ICE, we should abolish the immigration courts because those judges' orders don’t mean anything anymore because ICE isn’t allowed to act upon them because of the intentional actions of the Biden administration. That is a fact. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM TOM HOMAN Get the recap of top opinion commentary and original content throughout the week. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! ",1057,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886141297,2021-03-23 04:49:11,Russian perspective on airliner shootdown,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/russian-perspective-on-airliner-shootdown/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886142515,2021-03-23 04:08:47,"Spring breakers arrested for allegedly drugging, raping woman who later died",https://www.foxnews.com/us/spring-breakers-arrested-for-allegedly-drugging-raping-woman-who-later-died,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. Both men were caught on surveillance footage entering the Albion Hotel with the impaired victim, a Pennsylvania resident, at around 1 a.m. on Thursday, police said. ""[Taylor] was holding her from behind, holding her by the neck so she could stand,"" Miami Beach Detective Luis Alsina testified during a bond hearing Monday, according to the Herald. Police said each of the men had sex with the victim at the hotel and, at one point, Taylor allegedly forced himself on her as she appeared to be unconscious. ""The fact that the victim was under the influence of alcohol and narcotics, she could not have consented to sex with the defendants,"" the police report states. While their victim was passed out, the men snatched her credit cards, phone and cash and left her in the room ""without any concern for her welfare or safety,"" the report alleges. First responders discovered the woman ""semi nude"" and dead in the room’s bed later Thursday. Cops were able to track down Collier — who fit the description of one of the men in the surveillance footage — on Saturday in an area that’s recently been packed with partying spring breakers.  He allegedly confessed that he and his pal had met the woman at a local restaurant and that Taylor gave her a ""green pill,"" the police report said. Collier told police he believed the drug was Percocet, a powerful pain reliever, Alsina testified in court. He allegedly said ""that he went along with [Taylor] as they planned to have sex with the victim,"" the report said. Both men, who are from Greensboro, were booked into a Miami-Dade jail on Sunday. Charges against them include burglary with battery, sexual battery, petty theft and the fraudulent use of a credit card. Investigators are still trying to determine the victim’s cause of death and whether it was due to an overdose from the pill supplied by the men. If that’s the case, the two could also potentially face manslaughter or murder charges, the Herald reported. Their arrests come as local authorities grapple with crowds of unruly spring breakers who have flocked to the party city, recently even instituting an 8 p.m. curfew to crack down on the rowdy reveling. Miami Beach police have made over 1,000 arrests since February and at least five officers have been hurt on the job, the Herald reported. In court Monday, prosecutor Ayana Harris argued Collier and Taylor should be held in jail pending trial, noting they could face more serious charges and are possible flight risks as ""both are from out of state."" Miami-Dade Circuit Judge Mindy Glazer agreed and expressed alarm about the allegations. ""He couldn’t even pick up the phone to call police or 911 after they did whatever it is they did to her,"" Glazer said. Both Collier and Taylor have been appointed public defenders and are set to be arraigned in about three weeks. Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inbox Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! ",528,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886141295,2021-03-23 04:51:11,"MoneyWatch: StubHub victim of international cyber attack; Chrysler recalls 800,000 Jeeps",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/moneywatch-stubhub-victim-of-international-cyber-attack-chrysler-recalls-800000-jeeps/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. ,19,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886128686,2021-03-23 03:15:07,We can't succeed in Afghanistan. Biden's best move is to leave by Trump's May 1 deadline.,https://news.yahoo.com/cant-succeed-afghanistan-bidens-best-071507797.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan will never be smooth, but keeping this deal is the best foreseeable option. It stands the greatest chance of retaining some degree of Taliban cooperation. It gives Biden a unique political opportunity. And, crucially, it extricates the United States from a disastrously counterproductive intervention that will never succeed. Taliban cooperation is not required for U.S. withdrawal, of course, and premising our foreign policy choices on the whims of the Taliban isn’t reasonable. Still, if we can leave with a U.S.-Taliban pact in place to lower violence and stabilize Afghan politics, we should, and breaking faith on the May 1 deadline will make that nigh impossible. What makes this a strong argument for the Biden team is that it’s true. Or, at least, it should be. That was true in 2019, when The Washington Post published his opinion column. It is even truer now. If the Biden administration jettisons the May 1 agreement, the Taliban will use that betrayal to justify more violence, chaos and perhaps even total rejection of diplomacy. It is no exaggeration to say canceling this deadline could lead to a U.S. presence in Afghanistan essentially unchanged (or even expanded) by the end of Biden’s term. This is not an acceptable risk, which means May 1 is our date to bring all our troops home. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family Markieff Morris: I love to see the hate! No doubt I took a hard foul which I always do but I've never hit a man with his back turned! Luckily we built different over here. I can take my licks and keep pushing. Joker 1 smooth 0 lol. Source: Twitter ... Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? Mayfield wished OBJ well personally but also made it clear he was happy with the Browns team now sans Beckham The Patriots made three roster moves Monday that suggest more transactions could be coming ahead of Sunday's game against the Browns. ",695,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886141293,2021-03-23 04:53:10,Hank Azaria talks “Ray Donovan” sex scene in the Toyota Green Room,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/hank-azaria-talks-ray-donovan-sex-scene-in-the-toyota-green-room/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886141290,2021-03-23 04:54:10,FAA bans U.S. airlines from flying to Tel Aviv,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/faa-bans-u-s-airlines-from-flying-to-tel-aviv/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886141288,2021-03-23 04:55:13,U.S. blames Russia for enabling attack on Malaysia Airlines Flight 17,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/us-blames-russia-for-enabling-attack-on-malaysia-airlines-flight-17/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886128661,2021-03-23 00:11:49,"Biden eyes $3T package for infrastructure, schools, families",https://news.yahoo.com/biden-eyes-3t-package-infrastructure-041149936.html,en,True,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"WASHINGTON (AP) — Fresh off passage of the COVID-19 relief bill, President Joe Biden is assembling the next big White House priority, a sweeping $3 trillion package of investments on infrastructure and domestic needs. Biden huddled privately late Monday with Senate Democrats as Congress has already begun laying the groundwork with legislation for developing roads, hospitals and green energy systems as part of Biden's “Build Back Better” campaign promise. Much like the $1.9 trillion virus rescue plan signed into law earlier this month, the new package would also include family-friendly policies, this time focusing on education and paid family leave. The White House plans are still preliminary, with a combined $3 trillion in spending proposed to boost the economy and improve quality of life, according to a person familiar with the options who insisted on anonymity to discuss private conversations. While the goal is a bipartisan package, Democrats in Congress have signaled a willingness to go it alone if they are blocked by Republicans. “We need to get it done,” said Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., ahead of the virtual meeting with Biden at the senators' annual retreat Monday evening. Biden's outreach to Senate Democrats comes as the White House is under fire for its handling of the U.S.-Mexico border. Migrant crossings are skyrocketing, with images of cramped holding facilities posing a humanitarian and political dilemma for the administration and its allies in Congress. The focus on infrastructure shifts attention back toward priorities that are potentially more popular with Americans and potentially bipartisan. An infrastructure package would include roughly $1 trillion for roads, bridges, rail lines, electrical vehicle charging stations and the cellular network, among other items. The goal would be to facilitate the shift to cleaner energy while improving economic competitiveness. A second component would include investments in workers with free community college, universal pre-kindergarten and paid family leave. No part of the proposal has been finalized and the eventual details of any spending could change. The overall price tag first reported Monday by The New York Times has been circulating on Capitol Hill for weeks, since the start of the Biden presidency. With the House and Senate under Democratic control, the proposals are expected to draw support from all corners of Congress. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi asked Democratic committee chairmen earlier this month to start working with their Republican counterparts to begin “to craft a big, bold and transformational infrastructure package.” Pelosi said the goal is to build swiftly on the coronavirus rescue plan by developing an economic relief plan to help “people in every zip code by creating good-paying jobs for the future.” The administration is positioning its priorities at a politically and fiscally sensitive time, after funding its $1.9 trillion relief package entirely with debt. The Federal Reserve estimates that spending could push growth this year to 6.5%, and additional spending would only add pressure to an economy already expected to run hot. Biden's campaign proposed higher corporate taxes and increases on people making more than $400,000 annually, effectively undoing much of the 2017 tax cuts by his predecessor, Donald Trump. A White House official said the president has been very clear about his agenda, even though the details are only just starting to surface. The official insisted on anonymity to discuss private conversations. On Monday, the House Energy and Commerce Committee debated a $300 billion-plus measure to invest in drinking water, broadband and other priorities. On Thursday, Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg is set to appear before the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. Next week, the Senate Finance Committee is scheduled to release a white paper revisiting the overseas tax code as a way to pay for some of the spending. Republican leader Mitch McConnell used his opening remarks Monday in the Senate to trash the infrastructure proposal, warning it would only lead to tax hikes and what he called “left-wing policies.” “We’re hearing the next few months might bring a so-called infrastructure proposal that may actually be a Trojan horse for massive tax hikes and other job-killing, left-wing policies,"" he said. He derided the Democratic proposals as similar to the Green New Deal, a sweeping plan to address climate change that he said would cost “unbelievable sums.” Biden is expected to roll out his budget in the weeks ahead as Congress presses forward on the infrastructure package, which lawmakers have said could be ready by summer. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family Markieff Morris: I love to see the hate! No doubt I took a hard foul which I always do but I've never hit a man with his back turned! Luckily we built different over here. I can take my licks and keep pushing. Joker 1 smooth 0 lol. Source: Twitter ... Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? Mayfield wished OBJ well personally but also made it clear he was happy with the Browns team now sans Beckham The Patriots made three roster moves Monday that suggest more transactions could be coming ahead of Sunday's game against the Browns. ",1203,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886128637,2021-03-23 03:34:00,U.S. health officials say AstraZeneca may have skewed vaccine 'efficacy data' with 'outdated information',https://news.yahoo.com/u-health-officials-astrazeneca-may-073400847.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"“This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family Markieff Morris: I love to see the hate! No doubt I took a hard foul which I always do but I've never hit a man with his back turned! Luckily we built different over here. I can take my licks and keep pushing. Joker 1 smooth 0 lol. Source: Twitter ... Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? Mayfield wished OBJ well personally but also made it clear he was happy with the Browns team now sans Beckham The Patriots made three roster moves Monday that suggest more transactions could be coming ahead of Sunday's game against the Browns. ",474,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886142984,2021-03-23 04:00:21,"As the Affordable Care Act turns 11, Biden's COVID stimulus helps it live up to its name",https://feeds.feedblitz.com/~/647411946/0/usatoday-newstopstories~As-the-Affordable-Care-Act-turns-Bidens-COVID-stimulus-helps-it-live-up-to-its-name/,en,False,,4,USA Today,http://www.usatoday.com,"This is personal to me because the Affordable Care Act saved my life. As a small business owner, my insurance is through the ACA. When I was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer four years ago, my policy picked up the half-million dollar price tag it took to keep me alive, get me through six months of chemotherapy and a month of radiation treatments. Today I’m in remission. I could afford a full price health insurance policy through the ACA. I lived. Some Americans couldn’t, and they are no longer here.  As the executive director of Get America Covered, a nonprofit formed by Obama-era health care veterans, I talk about the importance of getting everyone covered with affordable health insurance. But too often, I was reminded that policies were out of reach financially for many middle-class families.  The day after my first chemotherapy appointment in May 2017, House Republicans voted to dismantle the ACA, which was keeping me alive. I became an accidental activist, fighting for my life. This inspired me to start my own nonprofit group, Health Care Voices, to organize people with serious medical conditions and give us a voice in the health care fights directly affecting our lives. With Democrats controlling all three branches of government, our country has the first opportunity since 2010 to make substantive changes on health care policy. Instead of defending the ACA from attacks, we get to imagine what a sweeping vision of health care could and should look like.  Health care as a human right was once a far-fetched notion. But now on the anniversary of the ACA’s enactment and with the backing of the American people, President Biden is quietly making his promise for affordable health care for all into a reality.  We should appreciate how far we have come in the past decade, but the work doesn’t stop here. Biden and Congress have made a promising start. We must hold them accountable and help them finish the job. In the richest country in the world, no lives should be lost due to insufficient profit. ",344,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886142983,2021-03-23 03:13:02,"Michelle Obama, Jennifer Lopez, Billie Eilish demand Congress pass voting rights bill",https://feeds.feedblitz.com/~/647409704/0/usatoday-newstopstories~Michelle-Obama-Jennifer-Lopez-Billie-Eilish-demand-Congress-pass-voting-rights-bill/,en,False,,4,USA Today,http://www.usatoday.com,"“This bill is not about choosing one party or one issue over another,’’ Obama and others wrote in the letter. “It is about commonsense reforms and best practices that make our democracy more open, more fair, and more inclusive. It is about reaffirming our founding principle that we can chart our own course as a nation.” “Our democracy continues to be under attack and lawmakers in at least 43 states are pushing to pass bills designed to further restrict voting and disenfranchise voters, mostly Black, brown and young people,’’ said Valerie Jarrett, chairwoman of Civic Nation, a civic engagement group, and a former adviser to former President Barack Obama. “That is a threat to the core foundation of our democracy.” When we all Vote is a program under Civic Nation, whose board includes several former staffers from the Obama administration. The group hopes to use the star power of celebrities and influencers to rally support and persuade their millions of social media followers to tweet, call and email lawmakers. Celebrities who have signed the letter, include Stephen Curry, Whoopi Goldberg, Jennifer Lopez, Billie Eilish and John Legend. The move comes in the wake of many states adopting mostly Republican-sponsored election measures that restrict access to voting. Opponents of those laws say they limit voter registration, early voting days, mail balloting and other provisions that disproportionately affect young voters, low-income voters and voters of color. Those groups historically tend to vote for Democrats. “The notion that the only way you can win an election is to suppress the votes of those who you think will not support you is un-American,’’ Jarrett said. “We need a national law to combat the mischief going on in so many states.’’ Many states adopted changes last year to accommodate voters during the COVID-19 pandemic, including providing drop-off boxes for ballots. Supporters of the GOP proposals say their voter security measures help guard against voter fraud and that states should be allowed to continue to run their own elections. Republican lawmakers have called the congressional voting rights bill an attempt at a power grab by Democrats. “The 'Illegal Voting Act' is not about strengthening democracy; it’s about strengthening Democrats,’’ he wrote. The first hearing on the bill in the Senate is scheduled for Wednesday before the Senate Rules Committee. A committee vote is expected in April. “The For the People Act is about strengthening our democracy by returning it to the hands of the American people,'' Sen. Amy Klobuchar, D-Minn., chairwoman of the Rules Committee, said in a statement. ""This legislation is essential to protecting every American’s right to vote, getting dark money out of our elections, and making sweeping anti-corruption reforms."" Follow Deborah Berry on Twitter: @dberrygannett ",444,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886142981,2021-03-23 00:01:09,Can the electrical grid handle a boom in electric vehicles?,https://feeds.feedblitz.com/~/647400694/0/usatoday-newstopstories~Can-the-electrical-grid-handle-a-boom-in-electric-vehicles/,en,False,,4,USA Today,http://www.usatoday.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886142980,2021-03-23 04:22:30,"Boulder mass shooting, Miami Beach state of emergency, Demi Lovato documentary: 5 things to know Tuesday",https://feeds.feedblitz.com/~/647406206/0/usatoday-newstopstories~Boulder-mass-shooting-Miami-Beach-state-of-emergency-Demi-Lovato-documentary-things-to-know-Tuesday/,en,False,,4,USA Today,http://www.usatoday.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886144889,2021-03-23 05:00:03,"Book Review: ‘The Vietri Project,’ by Nicola DeRobertis-Theye",https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/books/review/the-vietri-project-nicola-derobertis-theye.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by Fiction When you purchase an independently reviewed book through our site, we earn an affiliate commission. How, that is, to live in a world governed by violence, destruction, madness? At the outset of the novel, Gabriele works in an esoteric Bay Area bookshop, “which endured somehow through the early years of the Amazon empire despite its retreating margins and slowly capitulating customer base.” Every few weeks, she receives a massive typewritten order from the titular Signor Vietri in Rome, where Gabriele’s mother grew up and Gabriele herself spent summers as a teenager. Though each of Vietri’s orders possesses a theme — “oracles and divinations” or “animism and alchemy” — as a whole the books veer wildly from subject to subject. Gabriele’s fascination with this stranger builds in inverse proportion to her interest in her own life, which largely consists of a kind, doting boyfriend and a cheap Oakland apartment. When her boyfriend begins talking marriage, she flees, not for lack of love but because “there was a great uncertainty that hovered over me and I knew I could never do that to another person, tie them to me before I knew my fate.” Want to keep up with the latest and greatest in books? This is a good place to start. Trekking around South America, she often thinks of Vietri, “the books he had read, the things he must know.” Eventually, she lands in Rome, where she attempts to find him (she has his address from the bookshop) even before calling her vast extended family. And so begins an adventure — both literal and intellectual — that takes Gabriele deep into Italy’s less picturesque history, from the brutality of life in an Appenine village in the 1930s to the atrocities committed by Italian troops during the country’s occupation of Ethiopia to the murder of Jews under Mussolini. That all of this dense, difficult history unfolds naturally in the scope of Gabriele’s present-day story — she does, of course, eventually contact her aunts and cousins, and allow herself to be brought into their fold — speaks yards to DeRobertis-Theye’s deft, masterly storytelling. In Gabriele, she’s constructed a narrator who is if not exactly unreliable, then certainly withholding. Gabriele metes out information with disarming slowness, and in small doses, so that her own family history unfolds in tandem with her search for Vietri, which recalls, in its delicious twists and turns, both Oedipa Maas’s investigation of Trystero in “The Crying of Lot 49” and the intensely satisfying revelations of “The Goldfinch.” Does she find Vietri? To tell you, or to reveal too much about her journey, would be to ruin the pleasures of a deeply gratifying novel. But ultimately it doesn’t matter. This complex, substantive debut offers a singular and transfixing take on the nature of identity — both national and personal — and the dangers of secrecy, both national and personal. And, of course, what it means to come of age in a broken world, a world that has been broken for generations. To understand Vietri, Gabriele realizes, “I would need to absorb something more complicated, something enormous, perhaps encompassing a century’s history.” And to understand herself, she eventually realizes, she’ll need to do the same. Advertisement ",540,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886143932,2021-03-23 05:05:03,Family and colleagues pay tribute to top Fox producer Eric Spinato who died from Covid,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392333/Family-colleagues-pay-tribute-Fox-producer-Eric-Spinato-died-Covid.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 100 'COVID took my brother today,' Eric Spinato’s brother, Dean, wrote in a tribute on Instagram Monday. 'He was a gem and one of a kind. I’m so broken and lost for words.' Yesterday afternoon, Fox ran a segment paying tribute to Eric, with host David Asman offering 'heartfelt condolences' to Eric's family.  Eric Spinato (pictured), 52, a senior story editor and head booker for the Fox Business Network died from coronavirus over the weekend Eric's brother Dean took to social media yesterday to pay tribute to his brother, describing him as 'one of a kind' In his Instagram tribute Dean added: 'This man was an amazing father, brother and friend. I'm sorry to say this but this day broke me hard. I will make you proud for the rest of my life. RIP Bro.  'Eric Spinato I f*n love you. Brothers for life. Best man ever. It should have been me, not you. They took the wrong person.' Fox News Media CEO Suzanne Scott, Fox News president Jay Wallace and Fox Business president Lauren Petterson penned a memo to Fox employees in which they said Eric will be 'greatly missed'. The memo said: 'Eric was an immensely gifted and aggressive booker and was renowned for booking the innumerable 'gets' we've seen on both FNC and FBN over the years.  'He was also always willing to lend a hand to help a colleague, mentor union staffers or troubleshoot an issue — countless bookers throughout the industry learned the ropes and the tools of the trade from Eric at one point or another in their careers.' In his most recent role as a senior head booker and story editor, Eric worked on shows such as Sunday Morning Features, Mornings with Maria and Wall Street Week for Fox  Fox News Media CEO Suzanne Scott, Fox News president Jay Wallace and Fox Business president Lauren Petterson penned a memo (pictured) to Fox employees in which they said Eric will be 'greatly missed' The memo also offered condolences to Eric's girlfriend, two children and the rest of his family. Former White House Press Secretary Kayleigh McEnany also took to social media to pay respect to Eric. In a tweet, she said: 'Please pray for the family of Eric Spinato. This is a sad and tragic loss for the Fox family. I worked with Eric after college, and he was wonderful. Sending prayers.'  In his early career, Eric worked on News 55 as a managing editor for WLNY-TV, an assignment editor for News 12 Long Island as well as a producer on The Bob Buchmann Morning Show with WBAB 102.3 FM and for Paramount Pictures' The Montel Williams Show. In response to the Covid pandemic, Fox has taken precautions to protect its employees, including putting in place rules on wearing masks and social distancing (stock image) He first worked as a booker when he joined Fox News in 1999 when he worked on Fox News Live.  After leaving Fox in 2004 he worked as an editorial producer to the anchor for CNN on Paula Zahn Now. During his time with MSNBC he worked as a program producer on Rita Cosby: Live & Direct.  In his most recent role as a senior head booker and story editor, Eric worked on shows such as Sunday Morning Features, Mornings with Maria and Wall Street Week for Fox.  In response to the Covid pandemic, Fox has taken precautions to protect its employees, including putting in place rules on wearing masks and social distancing.  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",602,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886143602,2021-03-23 05:16:10,Rough road ahead?,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/rough-road-ahead/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. ,19,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886143928,2021-03-23 05:08:07,Cast-iron sculptures likened to 'sex toys' will be REMOVED from Suffolk beach,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392259/Cast-iron-sculptures-likened-sex-toys-REMOVED-Suffolk-beach.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 78 An application to keep four sculptures compared to 'sex toys' on an East Suffolk beach has been formally withdrawn following a complaint by the artist Sir Anthony Gormley saying they had been installed at the wrong angle. Four cast-iron sculptures had been installed on Aldeburgh beach by local art collector Caroline Wiseman last August. Locals had raised concerns that the 3ft pieces, titled Oval, Peg, Penis and Snowman, looked like sex toys, or even rabbit droppings. Last week the artist Sir Anthony Gormley raised his own objections, saying they had been installed at the wrong angle and had been incorrectly named. Ms Wiseman, who has sold the pieces, described Sir Antony's intervention as 'controlling' and 'small-minded'  A planning application to keep the four cast-iron sculptures, which have been compared to sex toys, was withdrawn last Friday Mrs Wiseman did not think she needed planning consent when she had the sculptures hauled in place on the shingle near a tower on the beach called Southern Lookout, which she uses as a workspace for guest artists. In February she submitted a retrospective planning application, which saw some supportive locals describe the installation as an 'asset to the town'. Following Sir Anthony's comments last week, East Suffolk Council received notification that the application had been withdrawn. Filing an objection on behalf of the sculptor, who created the Angel of the North, Bryony McLennan wrote: 'The artist would like to point out that the Sculptures referred on the title page of the statement were conceived as bollards and commissioned as part of a regeneration project in Peckham, London in 1994.  A representative for Sir Anthony Gormley, whose works include the Angel of the North, wrote to East Suffolk Council to complain about the installation, saying the pieces had been wrongly titled Quartet (Sleeping), when their actual names are Oval, Peg, Penis and Snowman Caroline Wiseman, pictured with the four pieces of art that were installed at the wrong angle, has confirmed she will sell them for £5,000 apiece 'Intended as functional pieces of urban design, the bollards were sited on Bellenden Road where they remain to this day. A set of bollards also stands at the entrance to the pathway leading to the Angel of the North site in Gateshead.' Ms McLennan also revealed that a plaque installed next to the pieces on Aldeburgh beach wrongly titles them Quartet (Sleeping). She added: 'The bollards are described as lying horizontally and partially buried within the beach shingle.  'In fact, the bollards are designed to stand upright and a 'fixing root' is cast into the base of each bollard which turn is installed directly into the ground to allow the work to stand safely.  'The change of orientation and configuration of the bollards completely compromises their purpose as a piece of street furniture and the artist's original intention behind the work.' Yorkshire-born Sir Anthony Gormley, 70, has been creating artistic sculptures since the early 1980s, with his first exhibition coming in 1981. Many of his pieces focus around the human body, and he has regularly used his own body to create metal casts for his work. His pieces are often displayed on a huge scale.  In 2006 his work Asian Field was displayed at the Sydney Biennale. The piece was an installation of 180,000 small clay figurines crafted by 350 Chinese villagers. The following year 31 life-size and anatomically correct casts of his body were displayed around London's South Bank in a piece he called Event Horizon. Crosby Beach in Merseyside is home to Another Place - 100 cast iron naked figures modelled on Gormley's own body. They have been on display since 2005. His most well-known work is the Angel of the North in Gateshead.  Standing at 66ft tall, it has a wingspan of 177ft and overlooks the A1 and A167. Owner Caroline Wiseman has confirmed she will sell the works, weighing 200lb each, for £5,000 apiece.  Ms Wiseman described Sir Antony's intervention as 'controlling' and 'small-minded', adding: 'If you buy a work of art you're totally able to do what you want to do with that work of art.' She has withdrawn her planning application, claiming that the local council would not give planning permission if the artist objected. Ms Wiseman said that the works sold for a 'good sum of money' and said this will be used to refurbish and paint the Lookout tower gallery, which she runs. 'I wanted them to be here for ever and ever, and I'm very sad that they've got to go,' she said, adding: 'Artists are going to be making some works on the beach, getting their creative juices going, and they're going to make some works in retaliation.' Yorkshire-born Sir Anthony Gormley, 70, has been creating artistic sculptures since the early 1980s, with his first exhibition coming in 1981. Many of his pieces focus around the human body, and he has regularly used his own body to create metal casts for his work. Crosby Beach in Merseyside is home to Another Place - 100 cast iron naked figures modelled on Gormley's own body. They have been on display since 2005. His most well-known work is the Angel of the North in Gateshead.  Standing at 66ft tall, it has a wingspan of 177ft and overlooks the A1 and A167. Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",899,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886143595,2021-03-23 05:18:11,"DNA exonerates man in 1982 rape, killing",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/dna-exonerates-man-in-1982-rape-killing/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886153274,2021-03-23 05:03:27,Trump Makes Striking Omission From His List Of ‘Very Good’ Republicans,https://www.huffpost.com/entry/donald-trump-republicans-list-good-things_n_6059a30dc5b66a80f4ea6458,en,False,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"Reporter, HuffPost But Trump failed to mention his former Vice President Mike Pence, who is reportedly considering his own run for the White House in 2024. Boothe then asked Trump ― who repeated his election fraud lie throughout the interview ― who could be in contention to lead the GOP ticket in 2024, if he doesn’t run again. “So some of the names I guess I just mentioned, perhaps. And others and others. There’s a pretty deep bench. I’ll make that decision sometime later. But there’s a pretty deep bench,” the former president replied. Trump later criticized Pence for failing to illegally overturn the presidential election result, falsely claiming Pence could have rejected certain states’ Electoral College votes. Pence’s support for democracy over Trump is the source of tensions between the pair. Reporter, HuffPost ",135,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886144709,2021-03-23 05:00:00,"Today's mortgage and refinance rates: March 23, 2021 | Rates tick up",https://www.businessinsider.com/personal-finance/mortgage-refinance-rates-today-march-23-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. Although mortgage rates fluctuate daily, 2020 was a year of record lows for mortgage and refinance rates across the US. They began to inch up in early 2021, but remain relatively low across the board. While low average mortgage and refinance rates are a promising sign for a more affordable loan, remember that they're never a guarantee of the rate a lender will offer you. Mortgage rates vary by borrower, based on factors like your credit, loan type, and down payment. To get the best rate for you, you'll want to gather rates from multiple lenders. There are several different types of mortgages available, and they generally differ by the loan's length in years, and whether the interest rate is fixed or adjustable. There are three main types: Here's how these three types of mortgage interest rates stack up: National rates aren't the only thing that can sway your mortgage rates — personal information like your credit history also can affect the price you'll pay to borrow.  According to FICO, only people with credit scores above 660 will truly see interest rates around the national average.   A mortgage rate, also known as an interest rate, is the fee charged by your lender for loaning you money. Your principal (payments on the amount of money you borrowed) and interest are rolled into one payment each month. Why is it important to understand the difference between the interest rate and APR? When you're shopping around for lenders, you may find that one charges a lower interest rate, so you think that company is the obvious choice. But you might actually find out the APR is higher than what you can get with another lender because it charges hefty fees. In reality, it might not be the best deal. To get a mortgage, you need to start by getting your finances in order. Having a strong financial profile will a) increase your chances of being approved for a loan, and b) help you score a lower interest rate. Here are some steps you can take to beef up your finances: Then, it's time to shop around and get quotes from multiple lenders before deciding which one to use.  If you want a broader idea without yet talking to lenders directly, you can use the tool below to get a general sense of the rates that might be available to you. 
                            For you
                           ",461,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886143923,2021-03-23 05:16:12,Cineworld confirms plans for May reopening,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392273/Cineworld-confirms-plans-May-reopening.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 57 Cineworld has today announced it will reopen in May in line with the government's roadmap out of lockdown.  The chain's 127 outlets across the UK are set to open again, after closing towards the end of last year.  Cinemas reopened last July after the first national lockdown, but in October the troubled chain mothballed all 600 of its theatres on both sides of the Atlantic, affecting some 5,500 employees.  More than 5,000 of Cineworld's staff are currently at home on furlough, and it was forced to take out a £324million loan in November to pay the bills.  Cineworld will have to abide by Covid-secure measures to keep viewers safe when it reopens, which are likely to include socially distancing seating plans and staggered film start times.  Cineworld has today announced it will reopen in May in line with the government's roadmap out of lockdown  As Britons are let back in to cinemas, a string of social distancing measures will likely make going to the pictures a quieter, hungrier and more time-consuming affair From March 29, the Rule of Six will return for outdoor gatherings, with the Government changing advice from Stay at Home to Stay Local, and a public transport lifted. Next month, should Covid-19 rates continue to fall, non-essential retail and hairdressers will reopen on April 12, along with restaurants and pubs to outdoor customers. May 17 will see hotel, cinemas and play areas reopen, with the Rule of Six dropped out doors, along with the possibility of international travel bans being lifted. June 21 could see all legal limits on social contacts go, along with all restrictions on large events, just in time for the summer. Cineworld boss Mooky Greidinger will be hoping for a strong return to cinemas, having persuaded shareholders to approve plans that could see him net a £65 million bonus in three years' time if certain targets are hit. This comes after the chain lost more than £1.3billion globally amid the pandemic - compared to a profit of some £220million million in 2019. The bonus – which is part of a pot for executives worth up to £208 million – had been described as 'excessive' after the company put 5,000 staff in the UK on to the Government's furlough scheme. More than 5,000 of Cineworld's staff are currently at home on furlough, and it was forced to take out a £324million loan in November to pay the bills. James Bond's latest entry No Time To Die has changed its UK release date yet again The much anticipated blockbuster has seen its planned premiere pushed back multiple times due to the Covid pandemic, after originally being slated to come out in April 2020. The film, directed by Cary Joji Fukunaga, was originally scheduled for release in April 2020, but was pushed back to November before the release was changed once again to April 2021 in light of the coronavirus pandemic.  No Time To Die is the 25th film in the franchise, and finds Bond after he has left active service and is enjoying a tranquil life in Jamaica when his old friend Felix Leiter, played by Jeffrey Wright, from the CIA turns up asking for help.   Corporate governance experts questioned why the chief executive needs the bonus 'incentive' to keep working at the business, considering his family already has a 20 per cent stake in it. Bosses also revealed they will open cinemas in the US under its Regal brand from April 2, following six months of closure. A deal has also been struck with Warner Bros that gives the cinema chain, which also owns the Picturehouse franchise, exclusive rights to show films over streaming services. The phased reopening in the US will start with a limited number of cinemas opening for Godzilla vs. Kong on April 2, followed by screenings of Mortal Kombat from April 16. Chief executive Mooky Greidinger said: 'We have long-awaited this moment when we can welcome audiences back to our Regal theatres and restore our essential role within the communities we serve. 'With capacity restrictions expanding to 50% or more across most US states, we will be able to operate profitably in our biggest markets. 'We will also be monitoring developments closely in the UK and across Europe as we set to gradually reopen across the world in line with local government guidance.' The boss also revealed that Cineworld has reached an agreement with Warner Bros to show the studio's films exclusively in its cinemas 31 days prior to them being made available on premium video on demand (PVOD) platforms for streaming at home. An extended window of 45 days for films that open to an agreed-upon box office threshold has also been reached, it added. Cinema chains have been fearful that, with the pandemic seeing studios turn to online platforms, it could set a longer term trend on new releases going straight into homes via PVOD services. But Mr Greidinger said: 'This agreement shows the studio's commitment to the theatrical business and we see this agreement as an important milestone in our 100-year relationship with Warner Bros.' While many 2020 films were shifted to streaming services amid the COVID-19 pandemic, Marvel's Black Widow is one of the few holdouts, and they're still eyeing a theatrical release 7th May – Black Widow 17th May – Nomadland 21st May – Peter Rabbit 2 21st May – Free Guy 28th May – Cruella 28th May – The Conjuring 3: The Devil Made Me Do It 4th June – A Quiet Place: Part II 11th June – The Father 18th June – Luca 25th June – In The Heights 9th July – Shang-Chi and the Legend of the 10 Rings 9th July – Fast & Furious 9 23rd July – Top Gun: Maverick 30th July – Jungle Cruise 6th August – The Suicide Squad 20th August – The King's Man 27th August – Candyman 17th September – Dune 17th September – Venom: Let There Be Carnage 17th September – Death on the Nile 30th September – No Time To Die James Bond 's latest entry No Time To Die changed its UK release date to September 15th October – Halloween Kills 29th October – Last Night In Soho 5th November – Eternals 12th November – Ghostbusters: Afterlife 19th November – Mission: Impossible 7 10th December – West Side Story 17th December – Spider-Man: No Way Home 24th December – The Matrix 4 Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",1089,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886153995,2021-03-23 04:32:20,"On an island north of Scotland, tidal power is providing juice for electric vehicles",https://www.cnbc.com/2021/03/23/tidal-power-is-providing-juice-for-electric-vehicles-on-an-island-.html,en,False,,1755,CNBC,http://www.cnbc.com/,"An electric vehicle charging point which uses tidal energy has started operations, providing road users on an island north of mainland Scotland with a new, renewable option for running their cars.   The facility is located on Yell, which is part of Shetland, an archipelago of roughly 100 islands. The charging point gets its electricity from Nova Innovation's Shetland Tidal Array, a four turbine installation in Bluemull Sound, a strait between Yell and another island called Unst.  In an announcement Monday, Nova Innovation described the project as ""the first ever electric vehicle … charge point where drivers can 'fill up' directly from a tidal energy source."" A battery storage system has also been deployed to ensure a constant supply for vehicles. The Scottish government is one of many around the world looking to move away from internal combustion engine vehicles. It wants to phase out the need for new diesel and gasoline vans and cars by the year 2030. Funding for the project on Yell has come from Transport Scotland, the country's transport agency. Among those reacting to Monday's announcement about the project on Yell was Fabrice Leveque, who is head of policy at WWF Scotland. ""It's great to see tidal technology being used to help decarbonise part of Scotland's transport sector in the islands,"" he said, adding that Scotland was ""well placed to continue to lead in developing this technology, which will help to cut climate emissions and create skilled, green jobs."" ""Our islands have an abundance of renewable resources, including wind, tidal and solar, which when harnessed with care, could bring multiple economic and social benefits to remote and rural communities across Scotland,"" Leveque went on to state. While there is excitement surrounding the potential of marine energy, its current footprint remains small. Recent figures from Ocean Energy Europe (OEE) show that only 260 kilowatts (kW) of tidal stream capacity was added in Europe last year, while just 200 kW of wave energy was installed. By contrast, 2020 saw 14.7 gigawatts of wind energy capacity installed in Europe, according to industry body WindEurope. While tidal has a long way to go to catch up with other renewable sources such as wind and solar, it does have one potential advantage: predictability. Tidal currents, OEE says, ""are caused by the gravitational forces of the sun and the moon."" The fact that tidal energy generation is influenced by ""well-known cycles of the moon, sun and earth"" rather than the weather means ""it is predictable hundreds of years in advance."" If countries are to ramp up their electric vehicle offering in the years ahead and move away from gasoline and diesel, reliable and sufficient charging infrastructure will be crucial. Adequate charging options will also help challenge perceptions surrounding ""range anxiety,"" a term which refers to the idea that electric vehicles aren't able to undertake long journeys without losing power and getting stranded. While the project on Yell is small-scale, it is part of a wider shift focused on the development of charging infrastructure. Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. ",563,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886152362,2021-03-23 05:25:29.584534,"D.C.-area forecast: Cloudy for the next two days before big, late-week warm-up",https://www.washingtonpost.com/weather/2021/03/23/dc-area-forecast-cloudy-next-two-days-before-big-late-week-warm-up/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_homepage,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"A somewhat subjective rating of the day’s weather, on a scale of 0 to 10. Springlike weather has finally graced the Washington region, but the next two days offer more clouds and shower chances that limit sunshine opportunities. Temperatures could warm sharply later this week with a chance for our first 80-degree day by Friday. Then Saturday looks like a great start to the weekend before clouds and showers potentially return Sunday. The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",89,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886144707,2021-03-23 05:03:45,Hedge fund manager Anthony Scaramucci's SkyBridge Capital is the latest to file for a bitcoin ETF,https://markets.businessinsider.com/currencies/news/scaramucci-bitcoin-skybridge-capital-launch-etf-sec-filing-2021-3-1030235138,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,A ticker symbol has not yet been assigned to the fund. ,12,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886143918,2021-03-23 05:17:47,"Drama teacher, 34, is suing all-girls schools for £50k after he broke his neck falling off ladder",https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392425/Drama-teacher-34-suing-girls-schools-50k-broke-neck-falling-ladder.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 2 A drama teacher is suing one of Britain's top all-girls schools for £50,000 after he broke his neck by falling 12ft off a ladder while adjusting theatre lights. Harry Wilkinson suffered brain damage and fractures to his face, elbow and arm while setting up the drama studio at Queen Elizabeth's Girls' School in north London. The 34-year-old, who was preparing the studio for an exam, is now suing the comprehensive for up to £50,000 in damages, blaming them for his accident in May 2016 because they did not train him how to use ladders.  But the all-girls school are fighting Mr Wilkinson's claim, arguing that climbing a ladder safely is a matter of 'common sense'. According to documents filed at Central London County Court, Mr Wilkinson was at the top of the ladder adjusting light rigging when he fell. The rig could not be lowered to work on at ground level and could only be adjusted by climbing the ladder, his lawyers argue. Harry Wilkinson suffered brain damage and fractures to his face, elbow and arm while setting up the drama studio at Queen Elizabeth's Girls' School in north London 'The task required the claimant to stand upon the ladder for a significant period of time,' the claim papers state. 'During the course of carrying out the task, the claimant would have to utilise both hands to attach and adjust the light rigging equipment. Whilst undertaking this task, he fell a significant distance from the ladder and hit the floor.' Mr Wilkinson, of Muswell Hill, north London, sustained fractures to his neck, the bones around his eye and nose, his arm and elbow. In a short hearing at the court earlier this year, it was revealed that the accident has also had a mental impact on him. Judge Nicholas Parfitt was told that Mr Wilkinson now complains of concentration problems, fatigue and an increased sensitivity to heat. His partner of 16 years told how, in the two years following the fall, he had become more withdrawn and irritable, less keen to socialise, and more apathetic.  The 34-year-old is now suing the comprehensive school (pictured) for up to £50,000, blaming them for his accident in May 2016 because they did not train him how to use ladders Following the accident, the school was prosecuted by the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) for a breach of the Work at Height Regulations 2005. Queen Elizabeth's Girls' School pleaded guilty in March 2017 in relation to a failure to provide mandatory height work training. The HSE said the school's conduct 'fell significantly below minimum legal standards'. The school has since purchased a platform so staff can work safely at height and modified the light rigging so it can be worked from the ground using a pole. According to its defence to the claim, the school admits breaching its duty to Mr Wilkinson, because its ladder training was online and optional. However, they say Mr Wilkinson should have known how to climb and work from a ladder safely. School barrister Kam Jaspal said: 'For the avoidance of any doubt, the defendant's admitted breach of duty was not causative in circumstances where the claimant was undertaking a straightforward task which he had safely undertaken on previous occasions without incident. 'In any event, it is denied that any mandatory training which the claimant should have received would have avoided the claimant's accident. 'Any training which the claimant did not receive but should have received would only have dealt with matters of which the claimant was already aware, by reason of common sense and experience. 'In those circumstances, further training in respect of use of the ladder would have made no difference to the outcome and would not have avoided the claimant from falling in the manner which he did.' The case reached court earlier this month for a preparatory hearing ahead of a full trial of the claim at a later date. Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",676,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886153990,2021-03-23 04:20:48,China's retaliatory sanctions on the EU set the stage for how Beijing will respond to other global powers,https://www.cnbc.com/2021/03/23/chinas-sanctions-on-eu-preview-how-beijing-will-respond-to-pressure.html,en,False,,1755,CNBC,http://www.cnbc.com/,"BEIJING — Rising pressure from major global powers is giving the Chinese government more opportunities to show off its new approach to international affairs. ""It demonstrates the natural course of evolution for a major power,"" Turner said. ""We could frame this in terms of only reactions to the West, but ... I think this is a natural course of development."" Robert Daly, director of the Kissinger Institute on China and the United States, said that in retaliation to the latest sanctions, Beijing could announce similar restrictions on individuals from Canada, U.K. and the U.S. ""You'll notice that under Xi Jinping it's become a signature diplomatic move that China will mirror and amplify whatever is done to it, in the way of sanctions,"" Daly said on CNBC's ""Street Signs Asia"" Tuesday. — CNBC's Yen Nee Lee contributed to this report. Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. ",202,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886144700,2021-03-23 05:18:55,Veteran investor Joel Greenblatt warned many tech stocks are hugely overpriced and explained how he's finding bargains in a recent masterclass. Here are the 7 best quotes.,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/joel-greenblatt-quotes-value-investing-tech-stocks-finding-bargains-masterclass-2021-3-1030235229,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"3. ""Things get pretty stupid at very low interest rates."" ",11,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886157602,2021-03-23 03:00:00,"Readers sound off on street crime, punitive kneel and Biden’s stumble",https://www.nydailynews.com/opinion/ny-letter-march-23-20210323-nmq7e3d76nexjlniwgdaw43s4u-story.html#ed=rss_www.nydailynews.com/arcio/rss/category/opinion/,en,False,,8,Daily News,http://www.nydailynews.com/," Woodlawn: On March 15, I watched with deep sadness a press conference held by NYPD unions and families of two young Black men shot down on the streets of the city. Gun violence has proliferated and crime and shootings are out of control in NYC, yet Mayor de Blasio and his mostly inept City Council are focused on police reform!  What is wrong with this picture? Violence is colorblind and strikes anyone anywhere, indiscriminately. I believe the reason for this massive and untenable increase in crime and gun violence is largely due to the knuckleheads on the City Council as well as those in Albany, who voted for bail reform, aka no bail in NYC. This is the ultimate get-out-of-jail-free card that’s handed out to our criminals. Why should you hesitate to commit crime when you know that you’re going to be let out anyway? ",148,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886157597,2021-03-23 04:00:00,Biden’s border battle: No good solution to migrants crowding Southern boundary,https://www.nydailynews.com/opinion/ny-edit-border-20210323-a2tfulm3bneapcsx54qakgkv7q-story.html#ed=rss_www.nydailynews.com/arcio/rss/category/opinion/,en,False,,8,Daily News,http://www.nydailynews.com/," Republicans say that the record flood of migrants arriving at the southern border is a crisis. The new Biden administration, on the defensive with more than 15,000 unaccompanied kids in the care of Uncle Sam, claims it is not a crisis, it’s a something else.  The way we see it, the GOP has got it all wrong, it’s not a crisis, it’s an opportunity for them to needle the Democrats, who decried President Trump’s policy of detaining kids, but are now stuck with ever larger numbers of young guests and no way to stop it.  This doesn’t mean that Trump’s fearsome, hateful rhetoric and erratic behavior, meant to buck up his xenophobic base, didn’t frighten away some migrants. It probably did. But if Trump succeeded in building a mental wall (since he certainly didn’t build a real wall that Mexico or anyone else paid for) Biden tore down the virtual barrier by announcing more humane policies his first day in office. But being humane doesn’t mean walk right in.  Things have been bad in Central America for a very long time and people in those sad circumstances seek to leave, looking for a better life for themselves and their children. They travel through Mexico and the more who leave, lead others to join them. And they are not on their way to Canada.  Biden is right to say do not come. In English and in Spanish. But short of finding some retired East German border guards to brandish machine guns at people approaching the fence, he’ll have to do better to dissuade the travelers and their youngsters. Getting the Mexicans to close their country’s southern border to nonessential travel will help, but he must do more working with the Mexicans to stop the flow further south.  The crisis/non-crisis is hampering Biden’s ability to achieve other aspects of immigration reform, like finding a path to citizenship for the millions of undocumented, but otherwise perfectly upstanding, people who are here. But he’ll first have to fix whatever is happening at the border. ",347,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886144038,2021-03-23 03:58:00,Kelley Blue Book: We compare the 2021 Kia Forte to the 2021 Toyota Corolla,http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?guid=21005575-02D4-D4B5-4572-D31DE21FDF87&siteid=rss&rss=1,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,"The 2021 Kia Forte touts its excellent features and warranty in taking on the 2021 Toyota Corolla. Here’s how they compare. Despite the proliferation of crossovers SUVs, the sedan is still alive and well at Kia. The 2021 Kia Forte is the latest example of such and brings to the segment a combination of fun-to-drive vibe, substantial value, and a stellar warranty. The Forte offers something for everyone, from those on a budget to enthusiasts looking for driving thrills. A nimble driver, the Kia Forte offers a pleasant and refined behind-the-wheel experience. Confident power, from a 147 horsepower 2.0-liter inline-4 in the Forte sedan or a 201 horsepower 1.6-liter turbocharged inline-4 in the Forte GT, provides all the get-up and go that is needed while still offering good fuel economy ratings. The base FE model features a standard 6-speed manual or a continuously variable transmission (CVT). Step up to the Forte GT with its 7-speed dual-clutch transmission (DCT) with paddle shifters or an available 6-speed manual. The 2021 Toyota Corolla offers three different power plants including a hybrid, a whole suite of safety features, and great driving manners. With hatchback and sedan body styles and a range of engines to choose from, there is a Corolla for everyone. The base 1.8-liter 4-cylinder engine is perfectly adequate, but the 2.0-liter upgrade engine is our preference, and it also employs a more sophisticated CVT than the base model. For those looking to save fuel, the optional hybrid makes 52 mpg, and on the other end of the spectrum, the limited-edition Apex includes an upgraded suspension and handling for more sporty driving. Two engine choices; performance variants; front-drive layouts. Conventional 6-speed automatic; 7-speed dual-clutch automatic; lower price; long warranty. Hybrid option; sedan and hatchback body styles; high resale value. If you’re looking for a hatchback or a hybrid, the Toyota Corolla fits the bill. But the more attractive entry-level pricing and an affordable 201-horsepower GT version that comes with a longer warranty make the Kia Forte stand out. 'I had gotten divorced, willingly left my two children with their father and attempted suicide multiple times, and was sitting in a jail cell for writing bad checks.' ",364,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886157591,2021-03-23 04:05:00,A losing bet: Gambling craps out as an economic driver while ruining many lives,https://www.nydailynews.com/opinion/ny-edit-gambling-20210323-hb5ei6bfj5gtplo65jva6kt2zq-story.html#ed=rss_www.nydailynews.com/arcio/rss/category/opinion/,en,False,,8,Daily News,http://www.nydailynews.com/," Ignore the flashy ads on TV promising that expanded casino gambling in New York will reap riches in new construction, lots of permanent jobs and overflowing tax revenues. Every time that those promises were made in the past, first with racinos, then with full-blown casinos, they come up empty. The big score never arrives. One more try at the dice or the cards won’t be any different. The pro-gambling forces in the Legislature, bolstered by campaign contributions, have to give it a rest.  Besides the economic failures of previous wagering outposts and the dire social cost of increasing gambling, the whole financial rationale for a gambling push — huge budget deficits caused by COVID — vanished with Congress sending this state a $23 billion bailout.  So while Las Vegas Sands Corp. and MGM and Genting all want Albany to approve up to three more casinos, potentially all in Times Square, there’s not so much in it for the rest of us. Gambling is not an economic development program, especially with its spread to every corner of the country. The conceit that your casino is going to attract the high rollers is a myth. This isn’t James Bond breaking the bank and the villains at Monte Carlo. It’s Joe Smith and Mary Jones blowing the rent money on bets they can’t afford.  The house always wins isn’t just a saying. It’s their business model. Which means that the players always lose. Otherwise, you’re in a movie.  Proponents say that “gaming” is just another kind of entertainment that responsible adults can budget for, like they spend on other leisure choices. Maybe, but other kinds of entertainment, like Broadway shows or sports games, don’t lead a person to lose their shirt or their mortgage payments, causing a great number of problems for themselves and their families.  Thanks to the federal COVID bailout, the state is flush. We need to walk away from the table now. ",329,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886144033,2021-03-23 04:05:00,Kelley Blue Book: 10 things to keep in your car to stay safe on the road,http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?guid=21005575-02D4-D4B5-4572-D31DB9C0608D&siteid=rss&rss=1,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,"The road may beckon as an alternative to a self-quarantine. If you decided to hit the road, you should be equipped to handle any emergencies you may encounter along the way. These few common-sense items are not that expensive and won’t take up much room in your trunk. And it could spell the difference between being stranded roadside or continuing on your merry way. Here are 10 items that could help get you out of a jam: Some people consider these things a joke, but they do work well on tires that go flat from simple punctures. A can of sealant may very well get you off a dangerous freeway shoulder in a jiffy. Look for a big can with a screw-type connector valve. It will save your pride on a day when your wallet contains no cash. A spare tire won’t do much good if you can’t get the lug nuts off the flat tire. But the lug wrenches that come with many cars aren’t big enough. Carry a full-size wrench, sold at most discount stores or auto parts stores. Even geniuses sometimes lock their keys in their car or lose them. Instead of humiliating yourself by admitting to the act, buy one of those nifty magnetic key cases that hides a spare key under the car. It’s amazing how often you will actually use or loan out these cables. They can be a lot quicker and cheaper than calling a tow truck. Be sure you buy a pair of high-capacity cables long enough for awkward situations. These devices can help quite a bit in emergencies, especially types that have an additional flashing light. Be sure to periodically check to see if its working and carry a spare set of batteries just in case. At $100 a pop, good tires are worth caring for. You ought not rely on the gauges on service station air pumps. If you have a gauge, it’s easy to accurately check your tires in the morning before driving causes the pressure to increase. A few chocolate bars are useful if you get stranded someday or have to hike home 25 miles after an earthquake. The same goes for a quart of water. Also, in the category of the big hike, you ought to carry a pair of boots and an extra sweater. In an emergency, having a first aid kit could spell the difference between a minor inconvenience and a major disaster. Check it periodically to make sure its contents are not dated. Disposable cigarette lighter, work gloves, rags, screwdrivers, pliers, a few feet of electrical wire and duct tape. Having these 10 items is one way to have peace of mind on that next road trip. A new paper documents the relationship between self-reported mental-health issues and the size and composition of shopping baskets. ",472,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886160569,2021-03-23 09:01:06,"32 Products That'll Help Turn You Into An Organized Person (Yes, Even *You*)",https://www.buzzfeed.com/katyherman/things-to-help-you-get-organized,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"Every single part of your life will be organized to perfection with these products. You're welcome. BuzzFeed Staff We hope you love the products we recommend! All of them were independently selected by our editors. Just so you know, BuzzFeed may collect a share of sales or other compensation from the links on this page if you decide to shop from them. Oh, and FYI — prices are accurate and items in stock as of time of publication. This set includes four organizers: one with six long pockets, one with eight square pockets, one with seven pockets big enough for bras, and one with 24 small sock pockets. They've got over 3,000 positive reviews! It even comes with a dry-erase marker. It's got four cups (two tall, one medium, and one small), a phone stand, and a sticky note tray. It comes with four clips for bracelets and necklaces. I have a similar jewelry mirror from Pottery Barn Teen and as someone with wayyy too much jewelry, it's definitely one of the best things I bought for my apartment. Plus, it's got magnets on the back so you can easily hang it on your fridge! This handy organizer has four drawers lined with removable padding, plus a detachable top shelf with 16 compartments. It also comes with a travel pump, so you can use the bags for packing and reseal them when it's time to head home! Not sure which size to get? For context, the medium size claims to fit 8-10 sweaters and the jumbo size can hold up to four pillows.  This Vancouver-based shop specializes in gorgeous minimalist home goods! It's got monthly, weekly, and daily sections that each have plenty of space to write down goals and plans at the beginning and wins and ways to improve at the end. There are also spaces for extra notes, places to write daily affirmations, what you're looking forward to, and what exercise you're planning to get each day. This organizer has five clamps for holding longer items (mops, brooms, or rakes and other gardening tools) plus six collapsible hooks. Chic Geeks is a Black woman-owned business specializing in gorgeous tech accessories and clever keyboard covers! The part on the left, with the tall wall and perpendicular rectangular compartment is one piece, while the low shelf and open bookcase part on the right is another. You can separate them or squeeze them together however you want! Plus, it comes with everything you need for assembly, including a screwdriver. Three ~tiers~ for this versatile baby, which in addition to toiletries, some reviewers also used to store spices or display collectibles! It has a hole and comes with hardware to allow you to screw it into one place to keep it secure if you want! Happy Cutie Studio is a UK-based small business specializing in pretty much the cutest planner stickers and accessories I ever did see. The levels can also be removed if you want to leave more room above one shelf for tall boots. There are hanger hooks on both ends, so you can attach either one (like in the pics above for maximum space-saving) or both (to hang easily-wrinkled clothes a little farther apart) sides to your closet rod. Each one has five slots for more hangers, so one set can store up to 50 pieces. It can hold up to 36 cans or jars and comes with six adjustable dividers so you can fit different sized items in different sections. Plus, you can choose between two heights for each shelf! The reviews used in this post have been edited for length and clarity. ",607,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886157588,2021-03-23 04:10:00,Correction needs correcting: Closing Rikers doesn’t mean letting it go haywire first,https://www.nydailynews.com/opinion/ny-edit-rikers-correction-department-failure-problems-nyc-jail-20210323-k6rp4qqhlzd5tdtp2icr456cha-story.html#ed=rss_www.nydailynews.com/arcio/rss/category/opinion/,en,False,,8,Daily News,http://www.nydailynews.com/," Oops: The outside contractor the city Correction Department is paying $3 million a year for telephone service in city jails accidentally recorded more than 1,500 legally protected phone calls between jailed defendants and their attorneys and shared them with city prosecutors, a mistake that could jeopardize almost 400 court cases in Brooklyn and the Bronx, the Daily News’ Chelsia Marcius reported.  This is a major screw-up, and a massive breach of attorney-client privilege. It would be less alarming if it weren’t one of nearly half a dozen other massive snafus in New York City’s jails this month.  In the course of one week this month, correction officers mistakenly released two defendants accused of felonies, because of clerical errors and other bumbling. One inmate who’d been arrested on murder charges but was discharged with the approval of an assistant deputy warden (who’s now suspended without pay) remains at large, and is considered armed and dangerous. Another inmate, arrested for attempted murder, saved the DOC from further embarrassment by doing the right thing and turning himself in, after his erroneous release.  But wait, there’s more. Within the last 22 days, two inmates have died in custody in city jails, though officers are supposed to keep constant watch. One man was able to commit suicide in pre-dawn hours. Another man’s death is under investigation. He was found with his head somehow wedged in his jail cell’s bars.  Even though the nearly 9,000 correction employees, including more than 7,000 officers, vastly outnumber the shrinking inmate population, some correction officers are reportedly forced to work 24-hour consecutive shifts. The average number of staff out sick has skyrocketed, from an average 500 per month in Jan. 2020, to 1,200 in Jan. 2021, more than 13% of the workforce. Violent incidents among inmates have been going up, as have serious injuries. Assaults on staff have increased 100% in the last five years. The number of accidents involving people in custody increased 792% between 2019 and 2020, growing from 27 to 241.  Correction Commissioner Cynthia Brann, something’s rotten inside your jails and it’s not just the terrible food. ",357,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886157581,2021-03-23 05:00:00,"Bodies trapped, minds free at MDC: Lit class changes lives of imprisoned students",https://www.nydailynews.com/opinion/ny-oped-bodies-trapped-minds-free-at-mdc-20210323-ihjlqr52gjap5j5fvrsutdmndm-story.html#ed=rss_www.nydailynews.com/arcio/rss/category/opinion/,en,False,,8,Daily News,http://www.nydailynews.com/," Restrictions due to coronavirus have caused severe anguish for everyone. But the pain is exponentially worse for those hundreds of thousands of women and men trapped in U.S. state and federal prisons.  However much the rest of us feel confined, we have movies to watch, books to read, and podcasts to listen to. As restricted as our lives are, they are filled with words, ideas, and conversations.  The vast majority of imprisoned Americans currently have none of these opportunities. Prisons always trap bodies. Now, they’re trapping minds, too. In most prisons, visitors are prohibited, libraries closed, and educational programs shutdown. Thousands upon thousands of people are trapped in their own heads, alone with their fears and doubts.  We talked about the philosophical questions that would frame our discussions. We did a theater game to loosen things up. The men shifted from shock to mild interest to delight as the odd combination of the story’s strangeness and its vague familiarity washed over them. The god-man, King Gilgamesh, was on a rampage so violent that the gods sent an animal-man, Enkidu, to subdue him. After combat, the two fell into a devoted, loving friendship, ending with Enkidu’s ignoble death. Gilgamesh barely survives his grief, struggling to find a purpose to life. It is that struggle that leads him to become a famously just ruler. As students took turns reading from Tablet I, I could see them entering the epic’s magical world and profound questions — about love, loyalty and loss.  Not so much Eddie. It would take him a couple of weeks to offer ideas and share his charming lopsided grin. But when Eddie fell, he fell hard, gripped by the epic’s strange beauty.  The last day of class is always emotional, but Eddie seemed particularly moved. He stood before me as the other men left, saying in a soft voice, “Professor, I’ve been here for six years. When I met you, I didn’t think my brain could work anymore. Now I know it can. Thank you. I plan to keep using it.”  Eddie’s fine performance in the course landed him an invitation from the MDC staff to tutor students in my Just Ideas program. I saw him once in that capacity, when he exclaimed with a shrug, “Look what you’ve done!”  When Larry Williams, another student from that 2015 class, who served nine years alongside Eddie (and was released in 2019), heard of his friend’s death, he texted me immediately. I was moved to find and share with Larry the opening words of Eddie’s paper on friendship and loss in the “Epic of Gilgamesh,” “We all feel suffering at some point in our lives. It comes with the package,” but “the loss of a loved one may be the worst kind.”  Justice reform activists like me commonly argue that education in prison should be supported because it reduces recidivism. As true as that is, Eddie’s story affords a very different kind of argument for prison education, one rooted in a person’s sense of self-worth.  Books and ideas matter so much in prison because they help people better understand their own struggles, and face them more squarely. They allow students to situate themselves in the arc of human history and see how generations of human beings — even god-men — have struggled with love, loss, and redemption.  I would like to think that, as Eddie lay ill alone in his cell, his access to the story of Enkidu’s death — and Gilgamesh’s continued love and admiration for his friend — gave him some comfort.  The power of ideas within razor wire, metal bars, and windowless rooms cannot be over-emphasized. And the effects of their absence cannot be overstated. Prison reformers are right to want to free bodies, but we also need to free minds. ",645,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886157576,2021-03-23 05:00:00,All schools need fed aid: Catholic and private schools also require full COVID recovery,https://www.nydailynews.com/opinion/ny-oped-catholic-schools-need-fed-aid-too-20210323-lmnhsvqy7fetpebeqgr7vrwqxa-story.html#ed=rss_www.nydailynews.com/arcio/rss/category/opinion/,en,False,,8,Daily News,http://www.nydailynews.com/," For months now, I’ve gotten the same question from politicians, journalists, heads of industry, and everyday New Yorkers, “Cardinal, how do your schools do it? How have you managed to remain open for in-person learning during a pandemic, without any significant outbreaks of illness among the students and staff?”  It’s been anything but easy, but that’s par for the course with Catholic education, where we have always had to face down challenges in order to fulfill our mission. In this case, the secret to our success in this plague year is the same as always: extraordinarily committed administrators and teachers, loving parents, students who want to be in our classrooms because they know they will receive nurturing and support, a firm belief in science, and an unwavering faith in God.  Our parents continue to express deep appreciation for having safely opened our schools for in-person instruction for the entire school year. They are grateful because they realize we put their children’s safety first despite the financial cost, and they know from their own children that their principals, teachers and classmates are following the rules in order to keep each other safe.  So, we were relieved when we learned that the version of the American Rescue Plan that advanced through the Senate and was signed into law by President Biden would provide the nation’s religious and independent schools with much-needed assistance largely denied in the version proposed by the House.  I suppose those Democratic colleagues who opposed Schumer’s efforts don’t fully appreciate the value of the religious and independent schools. Perhaps they were fearful of crossing the powerful public school teachers union bosses, who have historically opposed all types of support for non-government schools.  In this case, though, in a significant break from precedent, Schumer’s efforts were buoyed by none other than Randi Weingarten, president of the American Federation of Teachers, who acknowledged that children in both private and public schools should be helped, especially those children from low- and middle-income working families.  Even when our schools are entitled to relief money, it does not always get to them. Since last April, our schools have yet to be given access to the services for which CARES Act funding was allocated, particularly in New York City, because the funding is entangled in the local public school bureaucracy. Fortunately, in the American Rescue Plan, the money will be channeled directly through state government, ensuring that the schools should receive the money promised to them.  So, while the American Rescue Plan will go a long way toward helping all schools recover from this catastrophic pandemic, and leaders like Schumer and Weingarten have shown a path toward further partnership for the sake of all schoolchildren, we’ve still got our work cut out for us in ensuring all kids and families are treated equally in the eyes of the government. ",483,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886162048,2021-03-23 04:43:44,"Facing fury over sex scandals, Australia’s leader fights tears — then retaliates in outburst at reporter",https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/2021/03/23/australia-sex-scandal-morrison-murdoch/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_world,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"“These events have triggered, right across this building and indeed right across the country, women who have put up with this rubbish and this crap for their entire lives, as their mothers did, as their grandmothers did,” Morrison told reporters in Canberra. “We must get this house in order.” During a question-and-answer session, however, Morrison hit back at a reporter who asked whether his job would be in jeopardy if he were the boss of a business facing similar complaints. Seeming to go off script, the prime minister responded by divulging details of a supposed case involving harassment of a woman in a bathroom by someone in the reporter’s news organization. “And that matter is being pursued by your own HR department,” Morrison said, adding that “all of us who sit in glass houses” should not “start getting into that.” The reporter, Andrew Clennell, said he was not aware of any such investigation at his employer, Sky News Australia. News Corp. said that following the reports of sexually inappropriate behavior at Parliament House, it gave staff the opportunity to speak in confidence and learned of a verbal exchange between two employees in Canberra last year. The exchange was not of a sexual nature, it did not take place in a bathroom and neither person made a complaint. “The prime minister appears to have joined these two matters and conflated them into an episode of harassment in a toilet that is under current investigation,” said News Corp. Australasia Executive Chairman Michael Miller. “This is simply untrue.” Michael Bradley, a lawyer who has acted for sexual assault victims, said whether he intended to or not, the prime minister had divulged the erroneous experience of harassment “as a weapon for purely political purposes.” “Once he went off script, things went very badly, very quickly,” Bradley said. “I think the government is in deep trouble on this subject. The issue is not going away. Every time it starts to quiet down, fresh revelations emerge.” Support for the ruling Liberal Party — the main conservative party in Australia — has been slowly declining among women for years, even before the assault allegations emerged, said Sarah Cameron, a lecturer in politics at the University of Sydney. At the last election in 2019, the party had a 10-point advantage among men — the biggest gender gap for the party on record. “The Liberal Party has long been perceived as having a ‘women problem,’ ” Cameron said, adding it “ignores this trend at their peril.” Kirstin Ferguson, a leadership and culture specialist who advises the leaders of large corporations, said companies have long been told to hold leaders to account. “The fish rots from the head. Boards are holding CEOs to account, they’re sacking them, they’re reducing their pay,” she said. “I just can’t imagine what would happen if there was a board responsible for Parliament House.” The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",496,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886144548,2021-03-23 01:46:23,Why Cathie Wood's Ark Is Unimpressed With Volkswagen's EV Battery Plans,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-cathie-woods-ark-unimpressed-054623076.html,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,Thank you for your patience. Our engineers are working quickly to resolve the issue. ,15,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886175599,2021-03-23 04:30:00,Europe Markets: European stocks slide as Germany extends COVID-19 lockdown to mid-April,http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?guid=%7B21005575-02D4-D4B5-4572-D32BEDC39520%7D&siteid=rss&rss=1,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,"European stocks slid into the red on Tuesday as COVID-19 cases continue to weigh on markets, with Germany the latest country to take new lockdown measures to contain the spread of coronavirus. Coronavirus infections have been rising across Europe, and the move in Germany came as Austria cancelled its plans to reopen following Easter and Paris entered a month-long lockdown late last week. CMC Markets analyst Michael Hewson said that the start of the week in European markets has been marked by concerns that “a third wave in Europe will delay an economic reopening, and push it into the middle of the summer.” “This presents a problem for the travel sector and the potential for a speedy recovery, given the slow nature of the rollout due to supply, as well as hesitancy concerns,” Hewson added.  “When set against rising infection rates across Europe, it is likely to mean that even in the event of a successful rollout in the U.K., it’s highly unlikely that international travel will be able to return in any meaningful way while a large part of Europe remains behind the curve in inoculating its populations,” Hewson said. Ford Motor is among the latest to borrow in the U.S. corporate bond market to fund green projects, this time after Friday's roughly $1 trillion infrastructure deal.  Jack Denton is a reporter with Barron's Group in London. He writes about business and finance in Europe for Barron's and MarketWatch, with a particular focus on companies and regulation in the tech, media, and telecoms sectors. Jack Denton is a reporter with Barron's Group in London. He writes about business and finance in Europe for Barron's and MarketWatch, with a particular focus on companies and regulation in the tech, media, and telecoms sectors. ",294,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886174097,2021-03-23 05:00:00,How This Woman’s Business Skyrocketed Through Instagram,https://www.forbes.com/sites/melissahouston/2021/03/23/how-this-womans-business-skyrocketed-through-instagram/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Marina Bargouti Marina provides her services all online through e-designs. Clients send her pictures of the rooms and measurements, and Marina creates beautiful plans for her clients to implement in their homes.  Marina learned quickly that when you connect with your followers, build your brand, and establish the know, like, and trust factor with them, it is then when they feel more comfortable investing in your services.  Marina built a community through her social media platforms and wants her followers to know her. She openly shares her knowledge and experience with her clients and has a good grasp of industry knowledge, products and market. Marina builds relationships with those in her circle and puts in the effort to get to know her clients. But Marina isn’t all about brand building and aesthetics; Marina knows her business numbers. Having a background and education in business and accounting, Marina knows and understands the importance of how her numbers play into the success of her business. And she urges other entrepreneurs to get to know their business numbers as well. When you choose a social media platform, you can build an interested following to build on your know, like and trust factors. Then people will be ready to invest with your offerings. Social media is a great way to connect with people. Having a financial plan is essential to track the profitability of your business and create targets and goals that you want to achieve. It keeps you accountable to your company and your numbers and allows you to grow and scale your business without issues. It’s ok to hire bookkeepers and accountants to help you manage your finances, only if you still stay on top of your finances by checking in at the minimum of monthly to ensure you are always on the right track in your business. Having other professionals help you frees up your time to focus on your zone of genius. When you continuously check in with your numbers, you will find ways to reduce expenses and increase revenue. Making money is not a bad thing. Only when you have achieved financial stability is it safe to think about investing and growing your business.  The bottom line is when you have a sound financial management system set up, it allows you to manage your business with ease. Business isn’t all aesthetics and social media; you need to know your business numbers if you want to grow a thriving business. The opinions expressed in this article are not intended to replace any professional or expert accounting and/or tax advice whatsoever.  ",420,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886173290,2021-03-23 05:50:00,Goldman junior bankers raised red flags over WFH issues,https://www.businessinsider.com/top-finance-stories-of-the-day-for-march-23-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. Good morning and welcome to Insider Finance. I'm Dan DeFrancesco, and here's what's on the agenda today: If you're not yet a subscriber, you can sign up here to get your daily dose of the stories dominating banking, business, and big deals. Launching a hedge fund has become more difficult as the price of technology, data, and talent rises. We spoke with more than a dozen industry experts, and compiled a list of people to know to get a hedge fund off the ground. This is who you need to know. Goldman Sachs CEO promises to protect junior bankers' Saturdays off following survey detailing 'inhumane' conditions (Insider) IronSource plans to go public via a SPAC. Here are 5 other adtech companies experts think are likely to IPO next. (Insider) At BlackRock, New Accusations of Discrimination and Harassment Are Met With Contrition (Institutional Investor) Top Biden aides cashed in on Wall Street after Obama service (Axios) Hedge funds are ramping up bets against Chamath Palihapitiya's SPACs and have already taken home $40 million this year. Here's a detailed look at the wagers they're making. (Insider) Leon Black is out as Apollo CEO and chair 2 months after an investigation into his relationship with Jeffrey Epstein. Here's what the Wall Street billionaire paid the disgraced financier $159 million for. (Insider) ",227,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886174095,2021-03-23 05:21:20,1.4 Million Fewer People Received TB Care In 2020 As Covid-19 Hits Services,https://www.forbes.com/sites/dishashetty/2021/03/23/14-million-fewer-people-received-tb-care-in-2020-as-covid-19-hits-services/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Tuberculosis (TB) is an infectious disease that usually attacks the lungs.  The data was collected from 84 countries and showed that the biggest relative gaps were in Indonesia (42%), South Africa (41%), Philippines (37%) and India (25%). “The effects of Covid-19 go far beyond the death and disease caused by the virus itself. The disruption to essential services for people with TB is just one tragic example of the ways the pandemic is disproportionately affecting some of the world’s poorest people, who were already at higher risk for TB,” said Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, WHO director-general. “These sobering data point to the need for countries to make universal health coverage a key priority as they respond to and recover from the pandemic, to ensure access to essential services for TB and all diseases.” WHO fears that over half a million more people may have died from TB in 2020, simply because they were unable to obtain a diagnosis. Not a new problem Even before the pandemic struck, the gap between the estimated number of people developing TB each year and the annual number of people officially reported as diagnosed with TB was about 3 million.  One of the ways WHO recommends that this issue be addressed is by improving TB screening to rapidly identify people with TB infection or TB disease. Molecular rapid diagnostic tests, the use of computer-aided detection to interpret chest radiography and the use of a wider range of approaches for screening people living with HIV for TB is also recommended. “For centuries, people with TB have been among the most marginalized and vulnerable. Covid-19 has intensified the disparities in living conditions and ability to access services both within and between countries,” said Tereza Kasaeva, director of WHO’s Global TB Programme. “We must now make a renewed effort to work together to ensure that TB programmes are strong enough to deliver during any future emergency – and look for innovative ways to do this.” Full coverage and live updates on the Coronavirus ",335,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886174088,2021-03-23 05:22:24,2 Million iPhone Owners Set For Batterygate Payout,https://www.forbes.com/sites/barrycollins/2021/03/23/2-million-iphone-owners-set-for-batterygate-payout/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Millions of iPhone owners are due compensation This story has been updated More than 2 million iPhone owners are set to receive a cash settlement in an iPhone Batterygate case. Final settlement documents posted at the end of last week reveal that 2,268,860 claims for compensation have been approved, pending deduplication. More than a million claims for compensation were rejected, mainly on the grounds that the claimant’s device wasn’t among those affected by Batterygate. (Update: it is reported that payouts have been delayed, pending appeals, see story linked below.) Affected handsets included the iPhone 6, 6 Plus and 6s, as well as the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. U.S.-based owners of those handsets were invited to file claims online last summer.  How much each individual is set to receive is still to be calculated, although it looks likely to be significantly higher than the minimum of $25 per handset that was originally stated.  The court documents state that: “The Court concludes that there is a strong evidentiary basis for the $310 million sum and that it is adequate, fair, and reasonable. Each Settlement Class Member will receive $25 or more for each eligible iPhone. Indeed, Class Counsel estimates that each Settlement Class Member will receive $65 or more per Approved Claim.” The court rejected claims that Apple should have faced a more severe punishment, with some arguing that the company should have been facing a bill that ran into the billions. “Apple’s conduct can hardly be considered treacherous,” the final settlement states. “According to Apple, the relevant iOS systems potentially caused conditions such as longer app launch times, lower frame rates while scrolling, backlight dimming and lower speaker volume—conditions that may have been imperceptible to users and arguably did not cause any injury whatsoever.” Apple has always denied any wrongdoing. Strong mathematicians may already have calculated that a minimum $310 settlement divided by 2,268,860 claimants leaves around $136 in compensation per claim, but that is before costs are deducted. The attorneys who brought the case have been awarded just over $80 million in fees, which will eat into the money being handed back to iPhone owners. There are also significant costs to be paid out of the settlement fund. The case, which was heard in the United States District Court Northern District of California, is only one of a series of cases Apple is facing in regards to the Batterygate scandal. Apple paid $113 million to settle a case brought by 33 U.S. states late last year. ",420,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886179430,2021-03-23 05:50:51,‘Daily Show’ Montage Makes A Mockery Of Trump Prediction For Biden’s First Presser,https://www.huffpost.com/entry/donald-trump-joe-biden-questions_n_6059afbec5b6bd95117fdbb1,en,False,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"Reporter, HuffPost But this supercut from “The Daily Show with Trevor Noah” proves otherwise: Reporter, HuffPost ",17,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886174085,2021-03-23 05:30:00,Penn Stock Is Flying Too High,https://www.forbes.com/sites/greatspeculations/2021/03/23/penn-stock-is-flying-too-high/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"[Updated 3/23/2021] Wynn Resorts earns 85% of casino revenues from Macau, which is also a $40 billion industry, and its stock has a current market capitalization of $16 billion. With an 85% revenue contribution from Macau, the market value of Wynn’s Macau business is roughly $13 billion (85% of $16 billion). As Wynn commands roughly 10% share of the Macau Gaming Market and the market value of Wynn’s Macau business is lower than the $16 billion gain in Penn’s market capitalization since February 2020, the market seems too optimistic on Barstool’s long-term success. Interestingly, Penn’s competitors Draft Kings and MGM Resorts are targeting a 15-20% share of the U.S. sports betting and iGaming industry – indicating the likelihood of strong competitive rivalry. (As Wynn and Penn have a net debt of $10 billion, therefore, we have compared market capitalization instead of enterprise value). [Updated 1/29/2021] Penn’s revenues can double with a 15% sports betting and iGaming market share Overview of Sports Betting Industry After the Supreme Court overturned the Professional and Amateur Sports Protection Act (“PASPA”), the sports betting and iGaming industry went live in 25 states. Currently, Nevada, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania account for almost 75% of the sports betting handle. At maturity, the sports betting and iGaming industry is likely to reach $40 billion in the U.S. and $70 billion globally. Thus, multiple sports betting applications, including FanDuel, bet365, Hardrock Café, BetMGM, and William Hill, are eyeing a sizable share of the pie. ",246,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886173271,2021-03-23 05:51:12,Global stocks drop as rising coronavirus cases in Europe worry investors – with all eyes on Jerome Powell and Janet Yellen,https://www.businessinsider.com/stock-market-today-global-shares-coronavirus-jerome-powell-janet-yellen-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886178114,2021-03-23 05:56:10.601039,New townhouse development coming to D.C.’s Brookland neighborhood,https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2021/03/23/new-townhouse-development-coming-dc-brookland-neighborhood/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_homepage,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"Tri Pointe Homes, which builds single-family houses and townhouses in 10 states, is making its debut in D.C. at Brookland Grove. Tri Pointe Homes is the new name for Winchester Homes, a regional builder with decades of experience in the Maryland and Virginia suburbs that became part of the Tri Pointe Group in 2014. “Now is the perfect time for us to expand our portfolio and introduce Tri Pointe Homes to the District, as there’s a huge demand for new residential construction,” Brad Blank, president of Tri Pointe Homes D.C. Metro Division, said via email. “Though the D.C. metro area has been our home for over 40 years, this particular project is special because it’s our first community in D.C. proper. We look forward to welcoming residents at Brookland Grove and bringing new architecture to the area, which is specifically designed to complement the existing neighborhood.” Brookland development has ‘super sleek and modern’ look The new community of 60 townhouses, at 3015 Fourth St. NE near Chancellor’s Way NE in D.C.’s Brookland neighborhood, will include nine inclusionary zoning units. Those units are reserved for buyers who meet income restrictions and other criteria set by the D.C. Department of Housing and Community Development, which uses a lottery process to randomly select buyers. Priority is given to those who live or work in the District. Brookland Grove residents will be a half-mile from Monroe Street Market, which has shops, artist studios, a farmers market, frequent community events and restaurants, including Busboys and Poets and Brookland Pint. The Brookland-Catholic University Metro station is one mile from Brookland Grove, and the Rhode Island Avenue-Brentwood Metro station is 1½ miles away. Three newly designed floor plans will be available at Brookland Grove with prices anticipated to start in the $800,000s. The Newton, Edgewood and Whitlow models will have from 2,027 to 2,149 square feet. Each will have three or four bedrooms, three bathrooms and a roof terrace. While some features may change, planned standard features for the residences include stainless-steel appliances, granite countertops and an island in each kitchen. The residences will also have hardwood floors on the main level, a granite vanity counter in the primary bathroom and a two-car garage. The garages will be tandem style in the Newton and Edgewood models. The townhouses will include smart-home technology such as an Echo device, a Ring Pro doorbell and Cat6 wiring. Sales of the townhouses are anticipated to begin in August, and a model is expected to open in January 2022. Tradition preserved in Adams Morgan condo conversion Historic home gives rise to boutique condos in Northwest Washington The Washington area housing market in 2019: It was on strong footing but uncertainty lies ahead The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",467,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886174078,2021-03-23 05:40:00,UK Backs Automotive Innovation With £54 Million,https://www.forbes.com/sites/feliciajackson/2021/03/23/uk-backs-automotive-innovation-with-54-million/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"As part of the U.K. plan for a Green Industrial Revolution, the government has announced a £54 million commitment across three projects for cars, buses, heavy goods vehicles and vans across the U.K., co-ordinated by the Advanced Propulsion Centre (APC). The goal is to accelerate the shift to zero emission vehicles and decarbonise the U.K.’s transport networks. In Northern Ireland, £11.2 million has been committed for the development and manufacture of low-cost hydrogen fuel cell bus technology alongside a hydrogen centre of excellence with Wrightbus in Ballymena. Last year saw Wrightbus launch the world's first fleet of hydrogen double decker buses in Aberdeen, with more planned for major cities including Birmingham and London this year. The funding will allow Wrightbus to create 3,000 jobs over the next decade and Wrightbus CEO Uta Atwal said: “This money is… key as we look to help the U.K. achieve its net zero 2050 ambitions. It will allow us to create the next generation of hydrogen double and single decker buses at a larger scale and lower cost than ever before, as well as the creation of a zero-emission centre of excellence in Ballymena that will not only positively impact the economy, but will benefit the U.K. and the world as we create leading new technology to drastically reduce CO2 levels.” In Wales, £31.9 million has been set aside for lightweight electric powertrains for heavy goods vehicles, including includes coaches, off-highway and construction vehicles. The next generation of zero emissions heavy commercial vehicles need lightweight ‘smart’ powertrains to manage extreme levels of electrical power and the project is to be led by Meritor, and will include the build of a new Scottish technology centre at Meritor’s existing air disc brake facility. John Bennett, Vice President and Chief Technology Officer at Meritor said: “This technology will provide commercial vehicle OEMs with the optimal solution to meet EU 2025 CO2 reduction targets, in addition to a host of other product benefits including greater efficiency, reduced weight, longer-range capability, and far greater application flexibility when compared to existing systems.”   Weight saving and reducing energy consumption are key to winning in motor racing.  In Warwickshire, £11.3 million has been committed through Shield Manufacturing Technologies to the e-Motif project, which will develop and manufacture an energy recovery system developed in motorsport and integrated with an e-axle and motor, to reduce energy use in cars and vans in a transformational project for the U.K.’s production of motors and inverters. The three projects in Cwmbran, Warwickshire and Ballymena are forecast to secure nearly 10,000 jobs across the U.K. They could also save 45 million tonnes of carbon emissions, equal to the total amount of emissions produced by 1.8 million cars over their lifetimes. Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng said: “The U.K. is leading the world by developing cutting edge technology that will help to tackle climate change and lead to a green, competitive future for our automotive supply chain. “These projects will not only help accelerate the wider application of greener technology in lorries and buses, but will also help generate the high-skilled jobs to level up communities across the U.K. while ensuring we build back greener from the pandemic.” ",526,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886173246,2021-03-23 05:56:55,10 Things in Politics: Another mass shooting in America,https://www.businessinsider.com/10-things-in-politics-colorado-mass-shooting-pandemic,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. Here's what you need to know: What we know about the Boulder shooting so far: One last thing. ,27,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886178113,2021-03-23 05:56:10.601039,Oversight probes hindered by Trump officials may finally be coming to light,https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-stymied-oversight/2021/03/22/0d3d6d8c-828d-11eb-81db-b02f0398f49a_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_homepage,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"Almost as soon as she opened a politically charged investigation in 2019 into whether the Trump White House blocked hurricane relief to a devastated Puerto Rico, the internal watchdog at the Department of Housing and Urban Development ran into obstacles. Four months after Donald Trump’s defeat, Inspector General Rae Oliver Davis still hasn’t announced whether her investigators found that Trump inappropriately held up federal disaster aid from an island reeling from a brutal hurricane. It’s far from the only politically sensitive work by government watchdogs — mandated by Congress to monitor federal agencies for waste, fraud and misconduct — that faced roadblocks or was otherwise dragged out during the Trump era. Across the government, at least nine key oversight investigations were impeded by clashes with the White House or political appointees, people familiar with inspector general offices say and public documents show. Long-anticipated reports were released only this month on two senior Trump officials. One found evidence that Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao may have misused her position by repeatedly deploying her staff on personal business. A second concluded that former White House physician Ronny Jackson bullied his staff and drank on the job. The timing meant their damaging disclosures emerged only after the former president left office and Jackson, a former Navy rear admiral, was elected to Congress from Texas. Tensions between federal watchdogs and the administration they monitor are not uncommon. But 11 inspectors general or their senior aides who served under Trump, many of whom spoke on the condition of anonymity to describe internal government deliberations, said hostility to oversight reached unprecedented levels during his time in office. “IGs under Trump faced an angry, account-settling president who had no compunction about removing those who threatened to reveal bad things about him,” said Gordon Heddell, a former inspector general at the Defense and Labor departments who served under Republican and Democratic presidents. A spokeswoman for Trump declined a request for comment. Former Trump administration officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity to describe internal procedures said that the administration’s approach to inspector general investigations was to be cooperative, to resolve disputes whenever possible and was consistent with precedent and practice across previous administrations. They said the approach included consultation with the Justice Department. Davis declined to discuss her review of housing aid to Puerto Rico. Other overdue reports include an inquiry by the Commerce Department’s inspector general into the Trump administration’s controversial decision to add a question to the U.S. Census about citizenship. Administration lawyers used various maneuvers to hinder oversight, according to documents, inspectors general and attorneys representing federal agencies. Lawyers invoked the power of the president and top agency officials to withhold their confidential communications. They insisted on a seat at the witness table — or blocked employee interviews altogether. Documents were often released at the pace of dripping faucets — or not at all. “There was a blatant attempt by the Trump White House to interfere with the work of IGs that we had not seen before,” said Nick Schwellenbach, an expert on the inspector general system at the Project on Government Oversight, a nonpartisan advocate for government reform. Federal watchdogs oversee roughly 14,000 auditors and investigators across government, with a broad mandate that ranges from routine audits of operations and spending to probes of possible criminal activity. The offices the watchdogs lead, created in the aftermath of the Watergate scandal, have traditionally enjoyed political independence and wide powers to subpoena documents and interview employees to root out government wrongdoing. Inspectors general have no set term and many watchdogs serve for years, through multiple administrations. Tracking the political appointees Biden is nominating to fill the top roles in his administration The work of these internal monitors has led to criminal prosecutions, forced the ouster of corrupt officials, and identifies millions of dollars a year in wasteful spending. But Trump chafed under the 40-year-old oversight system, particularly after several of his Cabinet secretaries and top aides came under investigation. Last year he replaced five career watchdogs over two months with political appointees, starting with the intelligence community watchdog who had informed Congress of a whistleblower’s complaint about Trump’s dealings with Ukraine. He also forced out the long-serving watchdogs at the State and Defense departments. As Trump removes federal watchdogs, some loyalists replacing them have ‘preposterous’ conflicts Trump’s agency heads followed his lead. In a previously unreported incident, soon after he became secretary of Veterans Affairs in 2018, Robert Wilkie repeatedly implored the White House to dismiss Michael Missal, his agency’s inspector general, two people familiar with the communications said. Wilkie claimed that the aggressive oversight was harming veterans who would be intimidated from coming forward with information about the agency’s shortcomings. The White House declined to act. In a text message, Wilkie wrote that “the picture that the IG’s office consistently painted of VA was not the reality of the Trump VA but an effort to ignore our reforms by saddling us with responsibility for the shortcomings of the previous Administration.” Linick’s ouster stunned advocates of independence for inspectors general, Heddell said. “It was devastating to the IG community.” The office is now on its third acting director in 10 months and, according to State Department records, at least a dozen senior positions are vacant or now filled by acting officials. The office is still conducting a number of investigations initiated while Trump was in office, spokesman Ryan Holden said. Robert Driscoll, who represented several agency appointees targeted by watchdogs in the Trump era, said some inspectors general were overly aggressive. A veteran of tussles over inspector general oversight, he said that during Trump’s presidency, the watchdogs began to act beyond their authority, propelled by the polarized politics of the time. “They engaged in investigations that appeared to exceed their mandate, delving in to political questions rather than legal or ethical judgments,” he said. Driscoll added that federal watchdogs took “a Soviet-style position” when they pushed to limit participation of counsel in investigative interviews. “They were essentially arguing that targets of their investigations are not entitled to have counsel present,” he said. They also are urging Biden to rapidly fill vacancies in the inspector general ranks, reversing a trend of leaving positions open that dates to Barack Obama’s presidency. “It is no surprise that several critically important reports about the behavior and decisions of multiple officials are only now becoming public,” House Oversight and Reform Committee Chairman Carolyn B. Maloney (D-N.Y.) said in an email, lamenting that many Trump officials “escaped accountability while in office.” Last spring, General Services Administration Inspector General Carol Ochoa launched a routine review of how federal office buildings were handling coronavirus cleaning and whether agencies were informing employees when their colleagues tested positive for the virus. It was a vital concern for hundreds of thousands of employees still reporting to work amid the dangerous pandemic. A person familiar with Ochoa’s thinking said she hoped to move fast to deliver quick results, while the crisis was still underway. But as soon as her auditors posed questions to employees of the agency’s Public Buildings Service, administrator Emily Murphy and her staff created a committee of senior managers to handle all responses from employees involved in covid management for thousands of buildings. “The [OIG] audit team has little assurance that the responses provided to our inquiries are complete, accurate, and reliable,” auditors wrote. In the document, Murphy denied that employees were coached and said any delays resulted from efforts to provide audits with “complete and accurate information” and a need to “minimize the burden on front-line officials who are working overtime” to respond to the pandemic. Ochoa declined to comment. Murphy, through a colleague, also declined. Because of the delays, the audit on GSA’s coronavirus response is still underway. A spokeswoman for the office said it will be released when complete. Across Trump’s government, similar clashes delayed other oversight work. “Although there is tension inherent in the oversight relationship, the efforts to include agency counsel in OIG interviews represents an improper and unwarranted intrusion into OIG operations and results in a chilling effect,” Inspector General Peggy Gustafson said in an email. Gustafson said in an email that the Ross investigation had been “incredibly complex and time-consuming.” Even though the final report was published as Ross left office, she said it should help educate the public and Congress about “weaknesses in the current system” and act as a reference to future officeholders “interested in serving with integrity.” The inspector general’s office declined to comment. The complaint to Congress revealed that a contracting investigation was stymied after the White House refused to release emails with more than a dozen key Defense officials. Two people familiar with the matter said the dispute related to the audit of the border wall contract, which was launched in December 2019 at the request of Congress. The contract had been expected to go to Amazon, whose founder, Jeff Bezos, owns The Washington Post and was a frequent target of Trump’s ire. Overall, the report found no evidence of undue influence or pressure on Defense Department personnel in the awarding of the contract. Defense Department investigators also were forced to suspend their field work on Jackson, the White House physician, for almost a year to address White House efforts to withhold confidential communications, according to the report issued earlier this month. The report showed the administration also sought to place a White House lawyer at interviews of personnel who worked with Jackson. That case took three years to complete. Jackson, who was elected to Congress in November with Trump’s backing, denied allegations that he mistreated staff or drank on the job. An investigation exploring former national security adviser Michael Flynn’s work for foreign interests — long delayed by the criminal case against him — was completed and forwarded to Army leadership seven days after Trump left office. At Transportation, Trump officials helped orchestrate an extraordinary behind-the-scenes push to remake the leadership of the inspector general’s office, even as it pursued the particularly sensitive investigation of Chao. When the longtime inspector general, Calvin L. Scovel III, announced his retirement in January 2020, the probe of potential ethical violations by Chao, the powerful Cabinet secretary married to Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell (Ky.), was already underway. For a time, administration officials pursued a highly unusual proposal to have a Trump-appointed U.S. attorney in Nashville serve simultaneously as the inspector general at Transportation. Ultimately, when other federal officials concerned about the independence of inspectors general objected, the White House tabled the plan and tapped the head of the agency’s pipeline oversight agency instead. A spokesman for the inspector general’s office said no appointees in the office or wider department tried to thwart their work, and the Chao investigation “proceeded unimpeded with each change in leadership throughout the course of the last year.” The deputy inspector general in December referred the case to the U.S. attorney’s office and the Justice Department for prosecution, though they both declined — each within 24 hours — to open an investigation. At HUD, officials said the long awaited report on aid to Puerto Rico should be completed soon. Stung by criticism from local politicians, Trump repeatedly said he did not want to send more aid to the island after it was ravaged by Hurricane Maria in September 2017. He questioned the storm’s death toll and denigrated the territory as “one of the most corrupt places on Earth.” Darryl Madden, a spokeswoman for the inspector general, said, “We believe when the report is out it will speak for itself.” 
 
 
 
 Dan Lamothe and Alice Crites contributed to this report. The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",1958,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886182139,2021-03-23 06:00:06,Israelis head to the polls Tuesday for the fourth time with Netanyahu battling to remain prime minister,https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/2021/03/23/israel-election-netanyahu/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_world,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"Israelis voted Tuesday in a very tight election that could determine Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s future and finally break a debilitating political stalemate — or send the country back to yet another round of voting. Here are some significant developments: JERUSALEM — Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s party won the most parliamentary seats in Israel’s election Tuesday, according to exit polls, putting him within sight of securing a governing coalition and extending his tenure as the country’s longest-serving leader. Netanyahu’s Likud party far outpolled its main challengers but still fell well short of a parliamentary majority, and the exit poll results, which continued to shift in the wee hours of Wednesday, suggested that a majority might remain out of reach. The exit poll results show that Israeli politics remain stalemated by a profound divide. Three previous elections in the past two years each failed to produce a functional government, and lawmakers again face a period of intense horse-trading as pro- and anti-Netanyahu forces try to cobble together a majority in the 120-seat parliament, or Knesset. If Netanyahu again beats back a furious political challenge, he will still face an ongoing legal challenge in the courts, where he is being tried on charges of bribery, fraud and corruption. Netanyahu’s alliance garnered 53 seats, according to an average of early television exit polls, while a disparate collection of anti-Netanyahu parties won 57. If Netanyahu’s alliance of right-wing and religious parties is to retain power, that could depend on whether he can persuade one of his former coalition partners, former defense minister Naftali Bennett, to join him. Bennett, a right-wing leader who broke with the prime minister to form his own party, might be able to give Netanyahu the margin he needs to secure a bare majority in the Knesset. Bennett has not ruled out serving in a new Netanyahu government, even though the two former allies are said to dislike each other. And Bennett’s Knesset seats, perhaps as many as eight, would give him significant power in the coalition negotiations that will begin immediately. Some commentators immediately dubbed him “the kingmaker.” “It is unlikely that Bennett will go with the alternative coalition” and make common cause with the anti-Netanyahu parties, said Israeli political scientist Emmanuel Navon. “It would make little sense for Bennett to do it for his political future.” Addressing a jubilant crowd at his Yamina party headquarters outside Tel Aviv, Bennett gave no clue to his intentions but called for unity. “The power you’ve given me, I’ll use it for one, and only one purpose,” he said. “What is best for Israel. What is best for all Israelis.” If Bennett delivers the seats Netanyahu needs, Israel’s government would move even further to the right. Exit polls also showed that the Religious Zionist Party, which includes far-right elements with roots in an overtly racist anti-Arab party, would win seats in parliament, providing crucial support for the prime minister. As Israelis head back to elections, there’s a new twist: Democrats in Washington Political analysts cautioned that exit polls have been wrong before and that final results may not be released for several days. But at the Jerusalem headquarters of Netanyahu’s Likud party, supporters bounced up and down and waved banners at projections showing the prime minister might be able to extend his record 14 years in Israel’s top job. When Netanyahu finally addressed his supporters after 2 a.m., he said he had spoken with Bennett and told him, “Let’s do the responsible thing and together form a stable government - a right wing government that will care for all citizens of Israel.” The prime minister called for an end to Israel’s political deadlock, saying, “We cannot in any way drag the country to a fifth election. We must form a stable government now.” The mood was far more subdued at the camp of opposition leader Yair Lapid as exit polls showed that he and his potential partners may have fallen short of ousting Netanyahu. This is the fourth time Israelis have voted in national elections in 23 months, a time of unprecedented political paralysis as the country has been buffeted by the coronavirus pandemic. “It’s frustrating,” said Avraham, a 59-year-old lawyer after voting Tuesday at a Jerusalem school. He agreed to comment on the political situation on the condition that his last name not be used. “The stalemate is bad for the country’s internal cohesion. I only have limited hope that this time will be any better.” Israelis were skeptical that the vote would end the stalemate, as previous bargaining has failed to produce working coalitions except for a short-lived — and dysfunctional — emergency “unity” government that was formed last spring as the pandemic erupted. “It is unclear if four rounds of election have resolved the longest political crisis in Israel’s history, with the country remaining as divided as it has been over the past two years, and fifth elections remain a very real option,” said Yohanan Plesner, the president of the Israel Democracy Institute. The ongoing health crisis and a steep economic downturn formed a backdrop to Tuesday’s vote, the second conducted in pandemic conditions. Election workers in hazmat suits collected ballots in hospital wards, and buses were parked outside some polling places to serve as remote ballot drops for coronavirus-positive or quarantined voters. The unease may have benefited Netanyahu, who has been both blamed for the ravages of the virus and hailed for orchestrating one of the world’s fastest vaccination campaigns. “I’m not really surprised by these results,” said Yonatan Freeman, a political science professor at Hebrew University. “When you look at times of emergency, times of challenge, that’s something that benefits the incumbent.” Netanyahu seems to have turned back a challenge from his right flank. Former Likud education minister Gideon Saar left the party to take on his former mentor. His bid initially attracted significant interest as an option for conservatives looking to elect a right-wing leader without the prime minister’s ethics taint. “Likud without Netanyahu,” said Jonathan Rynhold, a professor of politics at Bar-Ilan University. In the end, Saar finished with only six to eight seats, according to the exit polls, as significant numbers of Likud voters stayed with Netanyahu. Even some non-Likud voters supported the party in the hopes of finally bringing the elections loop to a decisive end. “At this point, I’m voting strategically and not 100 percent on my ideology,” said Efrat Lev, a CrossFit coach and competitive powerlifter who was casting an afternoon vote in Efrat, a Jewish settlement near Bethlehem in the occupied West Bank. Even though she said her first choice was the right-wing Religious Zionist Party and has qualms about Netanyahu’s ethics, she voted for Likud in hopes of giving him a decisive majority once and for all. “At this point, I’m not looking to vote for an angel,” Lev said. The challenge led Netanyahu to seek new pockets of support. He surprised many in the political establishment by inviting Itamar Ben Gvir, an extremist politician with roots in the banned Kahanist movement, to join his coalition. Gvir’s partnership with another right-wing party in Netanyahu’s coalition was projected to win seven seats. If this result is confirmed, he would be the first Kahanist politician in the Knesset since the movement’s Kach Party was banned as a terrorist group in 1994 after one of its leaders massacred Palestinian worshipers in a West Bank mosque. At the other end of the spectrum, Netanyahu sought votes in Israel’s Arab communities. In a turnaround from past campaigns in which he portrayed Israeli Arabs and their politicians as a threat, he sought out members of Israel’s Arab community and promised to boost spending on police and infrastructure in some of the country’s poorest towns. As Israel votes again, Palestinians still wait their turn The outreach to Arabs helped splinter the Joint List, the coalition of Arab parties that had achieved record support in recent elections. And polls indicated that overall Arab turnout had declined markedly. Ehab Jabareen, a media strategist who voted in the northern Israeli village of Fureidis, said many of his friends stayed home. “The campaign that happened throughout the Arab society was very difficult,” he said. “All the extremism of the campaign has only increased the feeling of apathy.” Liberal and centrist voters found little to cheer in the exit polls, although the Labor Party, long in decline, made a stronger showing than expected under its leader, former news anchor Merav Michaeli. And Benny Gantz, the former army chief of staff who infuriated supporters when he joined Netanyahu’s emergency unity government last year, defied predictions of his political collapse and appeared to secure more seats than expected for his Blue and White party. ",1451,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886173962,2021-03-23 04:56:08,Team Biden’s Ruthless Press Strategy Is Bound to Backfire,https://news.yahoo.com/team-biden-ruthless-press-strategy-085608058.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"If Biden’s Senile Like They Say, Then Why’s He Running Circles Around the Right? By demonstrating a disciplined media operation, Team Biden knows they are implicitly showing a stark contrast with Trump’s “shoot-from-the-hip” mentality. We are always fighting the last war; in the case of presidential politics, this means overcorrecting for the last presidency. But as both Trump and COVID-19 start to take a back seat in the news cycle, so too will the media’s willingness to give Biden a pass. The motivations for this could have to do with an almost authoritarian, if irrational, anti-weed bias, or it could stem from an extreme desire to stage-manage and ruthlessly neutralize anything that might potentially damage Biden’s image. I suspect the latter. Biden’s honeymoon was bound to end eventually. I see it as the first big test of whether Biden can overcome media skepticism and adversity the same way he overcame Donald Trump. The problem is, doing so will require him to unlearn a lesson: He will have to accept the fact that message discipline only gets you so far. We are biased in our belief that we can control things—that we get to choose which issues get prioritized; admitting otherwise is horrifying, reactionary, and potentially paralyzing. But most of life requires us to play the hand we’ve been dealt. Remember when George W. Bush thought that his presidency would be about “compassionate conservatism” and “No Child Left Behind”? That was before the 9/11 attacks upended his best-laid plans. Read more at The Daily Beast. Get our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now! Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. Chelsea Clinton was congratulated by her parents, former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, at the finish line A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family “Some describe true friends as choosing your own family. I say it’s more like choosing your own army.” Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? Mac Jones wasn't making a football play when he twisted Brian Burns' ankle. ",717,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886184367,2021-03-23 06:00:00,What does ‘Justice’ mean to Justin Bieber?,https://www.washingtonpost.com/entertainment/music/justin-bieber-justice-review/2021/03/22/848f37b2-8b52-11eb-a6bd-0eb91c03305a_story.html,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"Justin Bieber’s “Justice” isn’t the first pop album to feature a reformed bad seed performing starry-eyed odes to marital happiness. It’s not even the first Justin Bieber album to do so — his previous release, “Changes,” covered most of the same ground. But the new “Justice” is an album of literal worship songs that is impressive, almost daring, in its single-minded focus on Bieber’s wife, model Hailey Baldwin Bieber, and, more opaquely, God. “Justice” experiments with different styles, but almost everything gets run through the same blender of mild, Weeknd-like pop, with less inventiveness and even more malaise. It isn’t always great, or even good, and there’s little novelty to its sound. But its preoccupations — marital bliss and religious redemption — are brave ones for a young pop star whose appeal, like that of all pop stars, depends on his ability to seem both hopelessly cool and romantically available. And, look, it’s sweet, even if “Justice” often approaches Ronald-Reagan’s-letters-to-Nancy levels of needy uxoriousness. Any listener who has followed his unsteady rise might now worry less about Justin, who appears fine, or at least fine-ish, and more about Hailey, who hopefully has a good group of girlfriends she can talk to because her husband seems like a lot. Perhaps because its makers sensed that there are only so many faith-affirming Hailey ballads even Beliebers can handle, “Justice” adopts a mullet-like approach, with mellow marriage odes in the front and party songs that are also mostly about Hailey in the much superior back half. The best track is the lonely “Ghost,” a rafter-rattling ballad about missing someone (Hailey, probably) perfectly suited to the unique concerns of quarantine. “Peaches” is a bottom-heavy, throwback R&B song, a collaboration with Daniel Caesar and Giveon that begins as a loving ode to weed and ends up a loving ode to the missus. “Justice” begins with a clip of Martin Luther King Jr. quoting his “Letter From Birmingham Jail” (“Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere”) and doubles down in the middle with a recorded excerpt of one of King’s sermons, the latter bound on each side by odes to Hailey, including one about how he would die for her. It’s impossible to overstate just how unwise this is, how unthinkable that none of the album’s dozens of collaborators was able to talk Bieber out of such tone-deaf foolishness. “I want to continue the conversation of what justice looks like so we can continue to heal,” Bieber tweeted, though “Justice” holds no such conversation. It ends with “Lonely,” a spare piano ballad co-written by Billie Eilish collaborator Finneas O’Connell that contains some of Bieber’s finest, most filigreed vocal work. It casts an unsparing eye on Bieber’s misspent youth, and those who trolled it: “Everybody saw me sick/And it felt like no one gave a s---/They criticized the things I did as an idiot kid.” It’s a transparent, and not undeserved, bid for the sort of retroactive sympathy we’ve recently given Britney Spears, whose early ’00s struggles with mental health and substance abuse, and the crushing weight of teen stardom, presaged the ones Bieber would face less than a decade later. But “Justice” blatantly couches its pleas for fairness in a racial framework it clearly has no interest in. The only justice Bieber asks for is for himself. 
 The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",570,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886184507,2021-03-23 05:39:15,"Eric Talley, officer killed in Boulder shooting, loved his job and his seven children: ‘That was his life’",https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2021/03/23/eric-talley-boulder-shooting-police/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_national,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"As an older brother, Eric Talley was always protective. If his sister ever got in trouble when they were kids, he would take the blame. If she was picked on in school, he would make sure people knew not to mess with his little sister, Kirstin Brooks said of her brother, a 51-year-old police officer who was one of 10 people killed Monday when a gunman opened fire inside a King Soopers grocery store in Boulder, Colo. That protectiveness carried into their relationship as adults. Talley would often call and check in with Brooks, 49, reminding her to take care of herself. He was the same way with his own family — his wife and his seven children, ages 7 to 20. Brooks described them as “a good, sweet, tight, close family.” Brooks said she had a sense of what had gone through her brother’s mind Monday. “I honestly know my brother, when he heard there was a shooting in a supermarket, I know his first thought was, ‘There are kids in there,’ ” Brooks said. “He loved his kids. His family shopped at King Soopers.” “I know Eric would have wanted to save every single one of those lives. I know why he flew in there first, because he was thinking, there are families in that store.” Talley was among the first responders to run into the supermarket on Monday and was fatally shot along with nine others. The oldest victim was 65 and the youngest 20. More than a decade before the shooting, Eric Talley had a stable job in information technology that provided for his kids and his wife, who educated their children in their Colorado home. But in 2010, after one of his closest friends died in a DUI crash, he quit, left behind his master’s degree and enrolled in the police academy at age 40, according to his friends and family. Brooks, detailing all the things she said her brother excelled at — he had a black belt in karate, he was an “extremely fast” runner, he “once made a little engine out of a racecar” — said he was “just talented and gifted and loved.” In remarks about the shooting, President Biden spoke about Talley and shared his “deepest condolences to his family, his close, close family.” “When he pinned on that badge yesterday morning, he didn’t know what the day would bring,” Biden said. “ … Every time an officer walks out of his or her home, pins that badge on, the family member that they just said goodbye to wonders whether, subconsciously, will they get that call, the call that his wife got. “ … But when the moment to act came, officer Talley did not hesitate in his duty, making the ultimate sacrifice in his effort to save lives. That’s the definition of an American hero.” At a news conference late Monday, Boulder Police Chief Maris Herold held back tears and called Talley’s actions “heroic.” “I am so sorry about the loss of Officer Talley,” Herold said. Boulder Mayor Sam Weaver on Tuesday called Talley a “truly heroic public servant” who “joins the ranks of six other Boulder police officers who have laid down their lives for the people of our city.” Herko said he and Talley bonded almost instantly after meeting. “He is drawn to people, and people are drawn to him,” Herko said. “It’s easy to be drawn to a guy like that. I was fortunate that he liked me as well.” At the academy, Talley shared how his friend’s death had motivated him to join the force. “He was pretty driven to join law enforcement,” Herko said. After Talley obtained his certification, he joined the Boulder Police Department in 2010 and eventually took on “numerous roles,” Herold said. As an officer, Talley first made headlines for a heartwarming act of animal rescue. Brooks, who called her brother a “very peaceful and good man” who “hated violence,” said he supported organizations such as the ASPCA. When that did not work, Talley trudged through the calf-deep water to round up the ducks by hand as another officer grabbed them one by one. “He was drenched after this,” Boulder police Sgt. Jack Walker said of Talley at the time. “They would go into these little pipes, and he would have to try and fish them out.” When Talley was not patrolling the streets, Herko said, he was the type of father who bought a 15-passenger van so his large family would be more comfortable on the road. “That was his life,” Herko said. “He absolutely loved his job and wanted to serve the community.” Herko said he last spoke to Talley on Sunday. Herko had sent him a picture of his family playing a board game that Talley had recommended. Soon after learning about the shooting on Monday, Herko said, he texted Talley to make sure he was okay. “But of course, he did not respond,” Herko said. “He loved his kids and his family more than anything,” his father wrote. “ …He didn’t want to put his family through something like this and he believed in Jesus Christ.” Brooks said she often urged her brother to be careful at work. “I am careful,” Talley would insist, telling his sister he believed Boulder was relatively safe. Above all, she said, he “loved his family. He was just a good man.” “Everybody in that grocery store has a sweet family member, sweet people that miss them and that are aching,” she said. “That’s what Eric was trying to prevent — that grief. He would be heartbroken for those families. We are too. My whole family is heartbroken.” The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",962,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886184886,2021-03-23 05:27:12,Israel begins its fourth election in two years as rival warns of reelecting Benjamin Netanyahu,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392293/Israel-begins-fourth-election-two-years-rival-warns-reelecting-Benjamin-Netanyahu.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 1 Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu claimed a 'huge victory' for right-wing parties in Israel's general election on Tuesday night - despite exit polls indicating there is no clear winner.  The polls on Israel's three main TV stations indicated the elections had resulted in a virtual deadlock for a fourth time in the past two years, leaving Netanyahu with an uncertain future and the country facing the prospect of continued political deadlock.  The exit polls showed that both Netanyahu and his religious and nationalist allies, along with a diverse array of opposition groups, both fell short of the parliamentary majority required to form a new government.  That could set of the stage for weeks of paralysis and raised the possibility of an unprecedented fifth consecutive election later this year if the parties cannot form a coalition.   But Netanyahu, whose Likud party is projected to be ahead in the polls, hailed the election as a 'huge win for the right' despite the still inconclusive results.  In a statement on Facebook late Tuesday, Netanyahu said Israelis have 'given a great victory to the right and to the Likud under my leadership'. Exit polls indicate there is no clear winner in Tuesday's Israeli election, leaving Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's fate uncertain and signaling continued political deadline. Pictured: Netanyahu (right) and his wife Sara cast their votes in Jerusalem on Tuesday Supporters of Netanyahu wave Likud party flags after the first exit poll results at the party's headquarters in Jerusalem  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu claimed a 'huge victory' for right-wing parties in Israel's general election on Tuesday night He added: 'It is clear that a clear majority of Israeli citizens are right wing, and they want a strong and stable right wing government that will protect the economy of Israel, security of Israel and land of Israel. This is what we will do.' Exit polls are often imprecise and the official results may not be known for days.   The exit polls conducted by Channels 11, 12 and 13 were nearly identical, showing Netanyahu and his allies with 53 to 54 seats in the 120-seat Knesset, Israel's parliament.    His opponents were projected to win 59, with his nearest rival Yesh Atid, a centrist party led by Yair Lapid, projected to take between 16 and 18 seats. Meanwhile, Naftali Bennett's Yamina party was projected to win 7 to 8 seats.  If the final results are in line with the exit polls, there is no guarantee that Netanyahu or his opponents will succeed in putting together a coalition. His opponents were projected to win 59, with his nearest rival Yesh Atid, a centrist party led by Yair Lapid (pictured), projected to take between 16 and 18 seats The exit polls conducted by Channels 11, 12 and 13 were nearly identical, showing Netanyahu and his allies with 53 to 54 seats in the 120-seat Knesset, Israel's parliament. Pictured: Netanyahu's supporters in Jerusalem, Israel  Bennett shares Netanyahu's hard-line nationalist ideology but has signaled he would be open to cooperating with his rivals if given the chance to be prime minister. Several right-wing parties have vowed never to sit in a government with Netanyahu. And Bennett refused to endorse either side during the campaign. 'I will do only what is good for the state of Israel,' Bennett said after the exit polls were released.   In a speech to his supporters, Bennett declined to take sides. He vowed to promote right-wing values but also took several veiled swipes at the prime minister's leadership style.  A lack of majority would mean both sides will have to court Naftali Bennett, a former Netanyahu ally with strained relations with the prime minister, to form a majority of at least 61 seats. 'Now is the time for healing,' he said. 'The norms of the past will no longer be acceptable.' He said he would move the country 'from leadership that is interested in itself to a professional leadership that cares.'  After the exit polls were published, Bennett said he received a phone call from Netanyahu but that nothing was decided.   The election is widely seen as a referendum on Netanyahu's divisive rule, and once again, opinion polls had forecast an extremely tight race.  But the initial results showed that the country remains as deeply divided as ever, with an array of small sectarian parties dominating the parliament.  In an address to supporters early Wednesday, a subdued Netanyahu boasted of a 'great achievement' but stopped short of declaring victory. Instead, he appeared to reach out to his opponents and called for formation of a 'stable government' that would avoid another election. 'We must not under any circumstances drag the state of Israel to new elections, to a fifth election,' he said. 'We must form a stable government now.' The exit poll results come as Palestinian militants in Gaza fired a rocket at southern Israel today, shortly after Netanyahu toured the region on election day.        Palestinian militants in Gaza fired a rocket at southern Israel today, shortly after Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu toured the region on election day (file photo of a rocket being fired from the Gaza Strip in 2014) 'A short while ago, a projectile was fired from the Gaza Strip into Israeli territory. As a result, an alert was activated in open areas only,' a statement from the Israeli army said, with a spokeswoman confirming a rocket hit an open field. The rocket launch marks the first fired from the Palestinian enclave since January - and it came shortly after Netanyahu had visited the southern Israeli city of Beersheba as part of his efforts to whip up support among voters.  The 71-year-old premier voiced hope that Tuesday's election will end an unprecedented period of political crisis in Israel that has forced four elections in less than two years.  'I hope this is the last election,' Netanyahu said as he voted in Jerusalem. The three-month election campaign was largely devoid of substantive issues and focused heavily on Netanyahu's personality and whether he should remain in office.  In contrast to past elections where he faced off against a clear rival, this time a diverse array of parties is trying to topple him, having little in common beyond their shared animosity toward him. 'Vote, vote, vote, vote, vote,' Netanyahu said after casting his ballot in Jerusalem, his wife, Sara, at his side. Earlier on Tuesday, the country's opposition leader warned that Netanyahu would form a 'racist and homophobic' government if reelected. 'There are only two options: a large Yesh Atid or a government of darkness, racism and homophobia.'  Yair Lapid (left), leader of the centrist Yesh Atid Party, said  Israel had 'only two options' as he cast his vote in Tel Aviv on Tuesday: 'A large Yesh Atid or a government of darkness, racism and homophobia'  Opposition leader Yair Lapid has warned that Netanyahu would form a 'racist and homophobic' government if reelected. Pictured: A patient in a Covid-19 ward uses a mobile voting both on Tuesday Lapid is seen as the strongest challenger to Netanyahu, who has been in power since 2009 but will have to form a coalition - possibly including a new far-right alliance - to create a majority government.  Israel's longest-serving premier and its most popular politician, Netanyahu is hoping a hugely successful coronavirus vaccination effort will give him the edge in a race analysts say is too close to call.   He moved aggressively to secure enough vaccines for Israel's 9.3 million people, and in three months the country has vaccinated some 80% of its adult population.  That has enabled the government to open restaurants, stores and the airport just in time for election day. He also has tried to portray himself as a global statesman, pointing to the four diplomatic accords he reached with Arab countries last year. Those agreements were brokered by his close ally, then-President Donald Trump. Israel is heading to the polls for its fourth election in less than two years after a succession of failed coalitions: Pictured: A woman casts her vote in Ra'anana, on Tuesday While supporters hail Netanyahu as 'King Bibi,' opponents hold up placards calling him 'Crime Minister'.  His right-wing Likud party is expected to win the most seats but whether Netanyahu is about to persuade coalition partners to form a majority in the 120-seat Knesset remains to be seen.  Opinion polls forecast a tight race, with a possibility of both Netanyahu and his opponents falling short of securing a parliamentary majority yet again.  That could plunge the country into an unprecedented fifth consecutive election later this year.  Netanyahu failed to form a majority after elections in April 2019, which led to another vote that September. When Netanyahu once again failed to form a majority coalition, a third vote was held in March 2020, with a government being formed a month later.  It collapsed in December 2020 after a failed budgetary vote, triggering today's election.  'It would be better if we didn't have to vote, you know, four times in two years,' said Jerusalem voter Bruce Rosen. 'It's a little bit tiring.'  Polling stations opened at 7 a.m. (0500 GMT) and will close at 10 p.m. (2000 GMT), when exit polls could point to voting trends, if not a clear winner. Israel's 6.5million registered voters are heading to the polls under pandemic restrictions.  Election officials at polling stations are wearing full PPE or sitting behind plastic screens, while drive-thru voting is also being offered, as well as mobile polling stations for those in quarantine or infected with coronavirus.   Israel's longest-serving premier and its most popular politician, Netanyahu is hoping a hugely successful coronavirus vaccination effort will give him the edge in a race analysts say is too close to call. Pictured: A man arrives to vote at a polling station in Ra'anana on Tuesday The prime minister's reputation has taken a hit from an ongoing corruption trial, his inability since April 2019 to unite a stable governing majority behind him, and large protests over his handling of the pandemic. Pictured: An election official prepares a special mobile polling station for those in quarantine or infected with Covid-19 in Jerusalem By 6pm (16:00 GMT), 51.5 per cent of eligible voters had cast ballots, a drop of nearly five percentage points from the previous election a year ago, the Israeli election commission announced. Netanyahu's opponents have accused him of fomenting deadlock in hopes of bringing about a friendlier parliament that will grant him immunity from prosecution. Netanyahu is hoping to form a government with his traditional religious and hard-line nationalist allies. These include a pair of ultra-Orthodox parties and a small religious party that includes openly racist and homophobic candidates. This time, much will depend on the performance of a handful of small parties struggling to win the minimum 3.25 per cent of the vote to enter the 120-seat Knesset. While Netanyahu's Likud was expected to emerge as the largest single party, no party has ever won a 61-seat majority on its own. Both he and his rivals must win the support of smaller allied parties to form a majority coalition. Recent polls have forecast that several parties were hovering near the electoral threshold. A failure by any one of them to enter the parliament would have a significant impact on the balance between Netanyahu and his opponents.  'I don't have much hope. I think there will be a fifth election,' said Amit Fischer, a 35-year-old PhD student, who is voting for Lapid. 'There are too many small parties, too much ego, they won't agree on anything,' he told AFP news agency.  To form a government, Netanyahu will have to come to terms with small factions that control a handful of seats, possibly including a new extremist, far-right alliance called Religious Zionism. If Religious Zionism crosses the 3.25 per cent support threshold, as polls predict, it will send to parliament Itamar Ben-Gvir, who has voiced admiration for the mass-murderer of 29 Palestinian worshippers in Hebron in 1994 by Baruch Goldstein. Even top Likud member and energy minister Yuval Steinitz has said it would be improper to sit with Ben-Gvir, who has vowed to secure a prominent role in government before agreeing to join Netanyahu.  Another complicating factor in today's election was absentee balloting.  Up to 15 per cent of the electorate was expected to vote outside their home districts, a larger-than-usual number due to special accommodations for those with COVID-19 or in quarantine.  The government set up special polling stations and even brought ballot boxes to hospital bedsides to allow people to vote safely. Those votes are tallied separately in Jerusalem, meaning final results may not be known for days. Given the tight race, it could be difficult to predict the outcome before the final count is complete. After the results come in, attention will turn to the country's figurehead president, Reuven Rivlin. He will hold a series of meetings with party leaders and then choose the one he believes has the best chance of forming a government as his prime minister-designate.  That task is usually, but not always, given to the head of the largest party.  That will set off weeks of horse-trading as the prime minister-designate tries to cobble together a government with promises of generous budgets and powerful ministries to his would-be partners. Voting in Jerusalem on Tuesday, Rivlin said the deadlock has had a price. 'Four elections in two years erode public trust in the democratic process,' he said, even as he urged Israelis to vote again. 'There is no other way.' To form a government, Netanyahu will have to come to terms with small factions that control a handful of seats, possibly including a new extremist, far-right alliance called Religious Zionism. If Religious Zionism crosses the 3.25 per cent support threshold, as polls predict, it will send to parliament Itamar Ben-Gvir (right), who has voiced admiration for the mass-murderer of 29 Palestinian worshippers in Hebron in 1994 by Baruch Goldstein [File photo] Netanyahu is currently on trial over corruption charges - allegations he denies, but which have helped to fuel a protest movement with weekly rallies outside his Jerusalem residence. He has said he will not seek to block the trial and is looking forward to being exonerated, but critics suspect that if he earns a majority in Tuesday's vote, he may seek parliamentary action to delay or end the process. On the campaign trail, Netanyahu has highlighted his role in securing millions of vaccine doses from Pfizer Inc and turning Israel into what he dubbed a 'vaccination nation'. Nearly half of Israelis have been fully inoculated at a pace that drew international praise for Netanyahu. But there have also been calls for Israel to do more to ensure Palestinians in the occupied West Bank and Gaza receive vaccines. Israel's swift vaccine roll-out allowed it to reopen much of its economy before the election. Posting a video of his visit to a Jerusalem hospital on Monday, Netanyahu wrote: 'Today we are the first in the world to return to life and smile again.  But not all Israelis are convinced, with many accusing him of political misjudgements early in the pandemic that compounded the economic pain of lockdowns. In Tel Aviv's Rabin Square, Yonatan Meir, 34, said he would judge Netanyahu over 'his whole era', not the vaccine rollout. 'Actually, it didn't affect my decision because I know that I won't choose him,' he said. 'But I think that the majority of people were very affected and were very impressed by his management of the whole crisis.'  Taking to social media on election morning Netanyahu urged his supporters to bring friends and relatives to the polling stations to ensure 'a strong right-wing government'. Netanyahu's right-wing Likud party is expected to win the most seats but whether Netanyahu is about to persuade coalition partners to form a majority in the 120-seat Knesset remains to be seen. Pictured: An election official hangs up a chart at a special mobile polling station in Jerusalem If Netanyahu can't get to 61 seats in this vote and his opponents cannot find common ground, a fifth election in three years is possible. Pictured: A drive-thru voting station in Hadera on Tuesday Israel's electorate has migrated rightward since the turn of the century, following the failed Oslo Peace Process and the ensuing Palestinian uprisings, or intifadas. Polling suggests right-wing parties could win up to 80 seats, meaning that 'whoever becomes prime minister, the country is likely to espouse a right-wing direction', said Dahlia Scheindlin, a political analyst and pollster. For Lapid, that means any path to power will require an alliance with Netanyahu's rivals on the right. That list includes former senior Likud member Gideon Saar, leader of the New Hope party that could win up to 10 seats, and who has ruled out joining a Netanyahu-led government. Lapid would also likely have to align with a staunch ideological rival, religious nationalist Naftali Bennett. The multi-millionaire former tech entrepreneur and one-time Netanyahu protege has fallen out with the prime minister and hammered him during the campaign, while not ruling out a reunion. Bennett's Yamina party is, therefore, seen as a likely kingmaker. Israel's electorate has migrated rightward since the turn of the century, following the failed Oslo Peace Process and the ensuing Palestinian uprisings, or intifadas. Pictured: Ballot papers for Israeli political parties at a polling station in  Tel Aviv Tuesday's election was forced after Netanyahu triggered the collapse of a unity government he had formed with former military chief Benny Gantz, his main challenger in three previous inconclusive elections. Pictured: An election official prepares ballot papers at a polling station in Jerusalem Lapid has said he will not insist on being prime minister in an anti-Netanyahu coalition, if that helps unseat the premier.   Tuesday's election was forced after Netanyahu triggered the collapse of a unity government he had formed with former military chief Benny Gantz, his main challenger in three previous inconclusive elections. Gantz, punished by supporters for sitting with Netanyahu, said he joined a Netanyahu-led coalition to give Israel desperately needed stability as the pandemic was gathering pace last year. But their agreement called for Netanyahu to hand power to Gantz after 18 months, something observers of the prime minister correctly predicted he would never do. If Netanyahu can't get to 61 seats in this vote and his opponents cannot find common ground, a fifth election in three years is possible. And, said political analyst Gideon Rahat, it's a prospect that may suit Netanyahu, whose primary objective is to stay in power, as caretaker premier awaiting yet another election if necessary. Netanyahu 'can easily go to a fifth, sixth or seventh election', Rahat said.      Polling suggests right-wing parties could win up to 80 seats, meaning that 'whoever becomes prime minister, the country is likely to espouse a right-wing direction', said Dahlia Scheindlin, a political analyst and pollster. Pictured: Election officials at a polling station in Bnei Brak On the campaign trail, Netanyahu has highlighted his role in securing millions of vaccine doses from Pfizer Inc and turning Israel into what he dubbed a 'vaccination nation'. Pictured: A man casts his vote at a polling station in Bnei Brak Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",3207,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886184934,2021-03-23 05:47:10,Downed airliner investigation continues,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/downed-airliner-investigation-continues/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886184883,2021-03-23 05:49:22,'Seriously injured' caretaker is mauled by a PANDA in staff corridor at Belgian zoo,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392309/Seriously-injured-caretaker-mauled-PANDA-staff-corridor-Belgian-zoo.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 67 A giant panda housed in a Belgian zoo attacked one of its caretakers, leaving the attendant with serious injuries on Saturday. Tian Bao managed to escape from his enclosure and access a staff corridor where he came face to face with his caretakers, and attacked them.  The caretakers were able to restrain the four-year-old giant panda and rescue the victim who was taken to hospital with severe injuries caused by bites to the arms and legs.  Though seriously injured, the unidentified attendant's life is not believed to be in danger.  Giant panda, Tian Bao (pictured), housed in a Belgian zoo attacked one of its caretakers, leaving the attendant with serious injuries on Saturday Robin is a panda keeper at Pairi Daiza who was working at the zoo when Tian Bao (pictured) was born in June 2016. It remains unclear if he was involved with or present at Saturday's attack The victim had worked at Pairi Daiza for several years and was familiar with the safety precautions.   No visitors were hurt in the attack because it took place in a staff-only corridor.  The four-year-old giant panda lives in Pairi Daiza, a privately owned zoo and botanical gardens in Brugellete, in the western Belgian province of Hainaut.  He was the first giant panda to be born in Belgium.   Tian Bao (pictured) lives in Pairi Daiza, a privately owned zoo and botanical gardens in Brugellete, in the western Belgian province of Hainaut This is the first such attack to take place at the Pairi Daiza.   Under zoo safety protocol, contact between humans and giant pandas is forbidden after the animals turn two years old, or weigh 70kg.  Giant pandas are generally solitary animals and spend up to 14 hours each day feeding on bamboo, which makes up 99 per cent of their diet.      Tian Bao was born in Pairi Daiza on June 2, 2016, and was the first giant panda to be born in the European country.  The four-year-old is expected to be sent to China after his fifth birthday this year, with departure scheduled before the end of the year.  It was not immediately clear if this attack will see Tian Bao sent to China earlier.  Giant pandas such as Tian Bao (pictured) are generally solitary animals and spend up to 14 hours each day feeding on bamboo, which makes up 99 per cent of their diet The four-year-old (pictured) is expected to be sent to China after his fifth birthday this year, with departure scheduled before the end of the year Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",440,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886179424,2021-03-23 05:45:01,"25 Photos Of Princess Eugenie’s Style Transformation, From Royal Teen To New Mom",https://www.huffpost.com/entry/princess-eugenie-style-photos_l_6041d3b0c5b60208555d8ca4,en,False,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"Senior Reporter, HuffPost Life In her three decades in the spotlight, the British royal has rocked many an eye-popping dress at social events in the London area and beyond ― often alongside her sister, Princess Beatrice, or her husband, Jack Brooksbank.  In honor of her birthday on March 23, we’ve rounded up photos that show Princess Eugenie’s style transformation from teen princess to royal bride to new mom.  Senior Reporter, HuffPost Life ",75,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886177384,2021-03-23 05:23:03,Attacks Against Asian New Yorkers: What to Know,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/nyregion/asian-new-yorkers-attacks.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by New York Today Send any friend a story   Yet the violence continued. Here’s what you need to know: On Friday, a 68-year-old Sri Lankan man was riding the subway in Lower Manhattan when another passenger yelled a racial slur at him and punched him in the head, the police said. He was taken to a hospital in critical condition. The next morning, a 66-year-old man of Asian descent was punched in the face on the Lower East Side. Then three women of Asian descent were attacked Sunday. Katie Hou, 37, who is Chinese-American, said a man punched her twice in the face after she left a rally in Union Square with her 7-year-old daughter. Later that day, a 41-year-old woman was thrown to the ground in Midtown, and a 54-year-old woman on the Lower East Side was struck in the face with a metal pipe, the police said. The authorities said that least four of the attacks were being investigated as hate crimes. “People need to be vigilant about their safety, but at the same time, we need to do something to stop this from happening again,” Ms. Hou told my colleague Mihir Zaveri. “We have to start building bonds of connection with the Asian-American community to let them know that this city is theirs, this city is ours,” Mr. Yang said at a rally on Sunday. Community leaders say that security and bias are among the most urgent issues facing Asian-Americans. On Monday, Mayor Bill de Blasio said the city would amp up the police presence in Asian communities. Mayor Ends Remote Work for 80,000 in Signal to Rest of New York City New Yorkers 50 and Older are Eligible for Vaccination on Tuesday ‘I’ve Lost a Lot of Faith’: Suburban Parents Push Schools to Reopen Faster Jeffrey Epstein’s Mansion to Undergo ‘Complete Makeover’ The Times’s Roni Caryn Rabin writes: One vial of vaccine. Five elderly homebound patients. Six hours to get to them before the vaccine spoiled. Doctors at Northwell Health, the largest heath care provider in New York State, set out last week to solve one of the most vexing medical and logistical challenges of the campaign to get Americans vaccinated against the coronavirus: how to inoculate millions of seniors who live at home and are too frail or disabled to go to a clinic or queue up at a vaccination site. Members of the network’s house calls program had prepared for their first run. A supply of the new Johnson & Johnson coronavirus vaccine made the operation easier, because one visit would do the trick. The doctors were racing against the clock: Once they punctured the seal on the vial and drew the first dose, they had only six hours to use the remaining vaccine, or they would have to throw it out. “We’ll be running a tight ship, I think, but very compassionately,” said Dr. Karen Abrashkin, the program’s medical director, as a bulky, high-tech cooler — actually, a car refrigerator — was loaded onto the back seat of her car last Wednesday and plugged into a cigarette lighter. Her first stop was a twofer, the home of a married couple in Hempstead, N.Y. Hector Hernandez, 81, a retired window cleaner who used to scrub high-rise buildings in Manhattan, and his wife, Irma, 80, a retired seamstress, had decided to get vaccinated after sorting through a potpourri of conflicting advice from friends and family. “First I was skeptical — is it safe?” Mr. Hernandez said. Two friends had warned him to be careful because the vaccine was new. But Mrs. Hernandez’s cardiologist assured the couple it was safe, and another friend seemed confident that getting the vaccine was better than not getting it. The couple’s granddaughters, including one who was laid up with Covid-19 for two weeks, advised waiting to see if the vaccine had long-term side effects. In the end, Mr. Hernandez said, their daughter persuaded them to get vaccinated. It’s Tuesday — call your mother. Dear Diary: Overheard while walking through Brooklyn Bridge Park: First Man: “Are you going to Budapest?” Second Man: “Yes.” First Man: “Why?” Second Man: “I am going to Budapest because I have a ticket.” — Brant Thomas Advertisement ",706,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886184931,2021-03-23 05:48:11,Sam Moore on the private side of Martin Luther King Jr.,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/sam-moore-on-the-private-side-of-martin-luther-king-jr/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886184881,2021-03-23 06:01:27,"Driver, 32, who tested three times over limit following car crash is let off by magistrates",https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392491/Driver-32-tested-three-times-limit-following-car-crash-let-magistrates.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/,"
        
        EXCLUSIVE: A foxhunter condemned by the RSPCA when footage emerged of her appearing to kick and punch a distressed horse has gone into hiding after receiving death threats and 'fearing for her life', neighbours revealed today. Primary school teacher Sarah Moulds (left), 37, is said to be 'terrified' of returning to her family home in an upmarket Leicestershire village after the shocking video of the incident (centre) over the weekend sparked outrage. The married mother-of-two, who was involved with her local Pony Club, has closed down her social media and is staying at a secret location away from her semi-detached £350,000 property (top right) after receiving abuse and threats. And the Pony Club, which claims to be the world's largest equestrian youth organisation with more than 30,000 UK members, has now axed her as a team manager while condemning her actions as 'unacceptable'. In the sickening video filmed on Saturday afternoon, Mrs Moulds first kicks the pony in the chest area before hitting it repeatedly around the face as she leads it back to a horse box while on a hunt. An RSPCA business card (bottom right) with a handwritten note has been pinned to the front door of her empty house, where she lives with husband Daniel. It states: 'Please get in contact ASAP. Quote incident number 00748573.'
       
      
      All frontline NHS England workers will have to be fully vaccinated against coronavirus by next spring, the Government is expected to announce today. Whitehall sources claim the deadline will be enough time for unvaccinated staff to get both doses of the jab - although there will be exemptions for medical reasons. The flu vaccine will not be mandatory for staff. Some 110,000 of 1.4million healthcare workers in NHS England have not yet had a first Covid vaccine. The controversial requirement is likely to be enforced in April - and will follow a new rule insisting that all care home workers must be double-jabbed by Thursday. But experts have pointed to the escalating workforce crisis in social care as evidence for why the Government should hold off making the jabs mandatory for NHS staff. The upcoming announcement follows a consultation which began in September.
     
        
        Lance Corporal Joel Robinson (pictured), 24, served in The Household Cavalry Mounted Regiment in Windsor, Berkshire and was found hanging in the barracks on March 25, 2019.
     
        
        In the latest theft, a man in Somerford Keynes, near Cirencester, was approached by two women who offered him sex in exchange for money while holding his arms.
     
        
        Energy costs have climbed for millions of households with bills likely to be higher as we enter the colder months and the unavailability of cheaper fixed deals.
     
        
        EXCLUSIVE: Malika Keswani says she 'hired an accent coach' and claims she was racially discriminated against after she was turned down for a BBC Sport role in Salford, Greater Manchester.
     
        
        UK Chief Scientific Advisor Sir Patrick Vallance has warned that the challenge of global warming could last a hundred years and will require 'a combination of technology and behavioural change' to fix.
     
       
       Darrell Meekcom (right), 55, of Kidderminster, Worcestershire, mooned at a speed camera as part of his bucket list after getting a terminal diagnosis - only to be arrested by six officers for indecent exposure. Mr Meekcom claims officers forced their way into his garden when they detained him and has complained to the IOPC. Footage of the arrest (pictured left and inset) was taken by his wife Sarah as Mr Meekcom calmly told officers: 'I'm terminally ill, I won't be able to breathe like this.'
      
        
        The 95-year-old monarch arrived back at Windsor Castle today after being seen taking off in a Sikorsky S76C, known as The Queen's Helicopter Flight, from Sandringham in Norfolk this morning.
     
        
        Eve Aston (pictured), 20, consumed the drugs after struggling for years to come to terms with the tragic bombing during an Ariana Grande concert on May 22, 2017.
     
        
        To report an inaccuracy, please email corrections @mailonline.co.uk. To make a formal complaint under IPSO rules please go to www.mailonline .co.uk/readerseditor.
     
       
       Katie Price has spoke out on her horror drink drive crash.  The glamour model, 43, took to Instagram on Tuesday to tease a full video, due for release at 5pm, in which she promised to discuss the accident, which happened last month after she went on a drink and drug binge.  Sitting beside her fiancé Carl Woods, she spoke to the camera to express her remorse and reveal that she will 'explain what happened' later on. 
      
        
        The mosaic consists of 225 images, 224 of which are fake, created by artificial intelligence (AI). But one shows a real interstellar phenomenon, taken by NASA's Hubble Space Telescope.
     
        
        Chloe Fewster, 20, from Hull, was subject to a police hunt after her controlling boyfriend Allan MacGilvray, 25, took her from her family home on Christmas Day last year.
     
            
            David Lammy, the Secretary of State for Justice, (left, at the Labour conference) has earned more than £141,000 over three years for speeches at Google, Facebook and City giants including Deloitte and Citibank. A MailOnline analysis of receipts which Mr Lammy publishes regularly in accordance with Commons' rules found his biggest earner was presenting a regular LBC show, which brought in more than £40,000. And Labour leader Keir Starmer is also in on the act, banking £25,934.10 in legal fees in the last year alone despite standing on a manifesto pledging to end MPs' second jobs in 2019. The fees were for 106 hours' work, equating to £247 per hour.
         
        
        The royal, 72, arrived in Newcastle this morning alongside commuters to mark the 40th anniversary of the Metro. At lunch he met pop star Cheryl at Cheryl's Trust Centre, part of The Prince's Trust.
     
        
        A baggage handler Vancouver International Airport, known as Deeej, shared a TikTok video showing a dog in a carry crate on one side of the luggage hold beneath the commercial aircraft.
     
        
        Exeter University and King's College London scientists looked at the mental health and cognition of 6,3000 over-50s during the six years to 2020.
     
       
       Ken Smith (pictured) has survived for almost four decades in Loch Treig in the Scottish Highlands with no electricity, gas or running water - relying on a log fire to keep him warm. The pensioner lives in a log cabin which he built himself on the banks of Loch Treig, where his main source of food comes from fishing. But after suffering a recent stroke, he now suffers from blurred vision and memory loss, meaning he has had to accept help from outsiders.
      
        
        Estate agents Savills, publishing a five-year forecast, has estimated that the typical UK property value will increase from £327,838 in 2021 to reach £370,785.
     
        
        'Sweet' and 'fun-loving' Jack Lis, 10, was mauled to death by an American Pitbull-style dog in a friend's house in a nearby street after school in Caerphilly at around 3.55pm yesterday.
     
        
        Brussels insiders say the bloc is preparing measures that could be implemented quickly, intending to present them in talks with the UK to gain 'leverage'.
     
            
            Boris Johnson is at the mercy of a storm over the extraordinary bid to save his all from punishment for lobbying, with outrage that he ghosted an emergency Commons debate on the row last night. Instead he travelled 300 miles to Northumberland, near the Scottish border, on a visit to a hospital (inset) that No10 claimed was 'long-planned'. Even so Mr Johnson was seemingly back in London in time to have come to the House, but chose not to. Deputy PM Dominic Raab tried to turn the tables on Labour in interviews this morning, saying Keir Starmer should not be 'politicising' the situation. But sent to take the brunt of the backlash in parliament last night, Cabinet Office minister Steve Barclay struck a notably different tone, expressing 'regret' and admitting it had been a 'mistake' to link reform of Parliament's anti-sleaze rules to Mr Paterson's case. A series of Conservative MPs (left to right, Aaron Bell, Mark Harper, Mark Fletcher) took to their feet to condemn the behaviour of the government and Mr Johnson himself.
         
        
        Jeremy Clarkson, 61, has been criticised online after saying 18-year-old climate activist Greta Thunberg deserves a 'smacked bottom' in his column for The Sunday Times.
     
        
        Downing Street said today that the Prime Minister would not back an 'outright' ban on MPs having other forms of employment, as he battles a sleaze row engulfing Westminster.
     
        
        With the hospitality sector 200,000 short of staff, businesses have revealed how they have made the tough decision to scale back their Christmas offerings.
     
       
       EXCLUSIVE: Shamima Begum's (right, inset) jihadi husband has refused to condemn ISIS beheadings or the use of sex slaves and said he still hopes to see a caliphate established. Speaking in an interview from a detention centre in northern Syria, Yago Riedijk, 29, (left) described the couple's 'beautiful' former life under the extremist group. He said ISIS-claimed attacks on the West were not 'Islamicly responsible' because they involved killing innocent people which is 'prohibited in Islam' but refused to condemn the group's violence against Yazidis, who were sold as sex slaves, and other Muslims. Riedijk also stayed silent on ISIS beheadings, saying only 'I can't really comment' when pushed to condemn the extremist group's brutal punishments. The 29-year-old later said he did not believe ISIS was finished and said he still hoped to see a caliphate which adheres to 'Islamic traditions' established. He smiled as he spoke about married life with Begum in the caliphate and described 'beautiful memories' of baking cakes as a family.
      
        
        RICHARD LITTLEJOHN: White men need not apply. That's the not-so-subtle message from an investment company trying to increase its quota of female and ethnic staff.
     
        
        Cambridge Union President Keir Bradwell (pictured) fired an email out to members to tell them who would be blocked from events.
     
        
        Footage showed a police patrol car driving into a building in the Bislett neighbourhood of northern Oslo to stop the man. Police said only that there was 'more than one' victim, without elaborating.
     
        
        LAURA FULCHER: My GP was so unconcerned by my symptoms, I'd begun to doubt they even existed. Was it all down to my imagination? It wasn't.
     
        
        A disciplinary found that Neil Hutt behaved in 'an obscene and aggressive' manner on a business trip towards a junior colleague but was not struck off by the Institute of Chartered Accountants.
     
        
        Zayn Malik's family have reportedly sent a plea to the singer to come home, after alleged altercation with Yolanda Hadid. 
     
       
       Sarah Moulds, 37, from Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire, (pictured left) is being investigated by the RSPCA after the shocking video sparked outrage online and was viewed more than 2million times. The video of her allegedly attacking a horse was shared by Hertfordshire Hunt Saboteurs, an anti-hunting campaign group, and has been condemned by the UK's national body for hunting. Moulds, a mother of two, is a teacher at Somerby Primary School and a director of the Knossington & Somerby Pre-School, Leicestershire. Social media listings show that she is a team leader of the Cottesmore branch of the Pony Club in Leicestershire. In the footage, a white horse trots away from the back of a horse trailer before it is stopped by a young rider. A woman dressed in cream breeches and a navy jacket then grabs the reins of the horse before she kicks its torso and slaps it repeatedly in the face as it tries to pull away. The Hertfordshire Hunt Saboteurs, who say they use 'non-violent direct action to save wildlife', shared the video on its Twitter page and tagged the RSPCA. The group said on Sunday that the incident took place on Saturday afternoon after a Cottesmore Hunt, one of the oldest hunts in Britain, and the incident demonstrated 'violence running through their veins'. Cottesmore Hunt said it did not condone the actions shown in the video 'under any circumstances'. The RSPCA, who said the footage was 'really upsetting', has also confirmed it is launching an investigation into the incident after the video sparked outrage online.
      
        
        Working in 12-hour shifts up to 900ft underground, some 250 fellow cavers painstakingly carried the man out of the Ogof Ffynnon Ddu cave system through a dark labyrinth of twisting passages.
     
        
        Hospice worker Michelle Webster (pictured), 42, of Litherland, Merseyside, wrote to the man claiming he kissed her and touched her leg during an encounter in the 1990s and demanded £15,000.
     
        
        Members of union Aslef have voted in favour of taking industrial action if proposed changes to working conditions and pensions are forced through without negotiation.
     
            
            Poland has accused Belarus of attacking the EU using migrants as a weapon, with thousands of desperate people now camped along its border after failing to cross yesterday. A tense standoff has now developed between Polish guards blacking entry to the EU on one side, and migrants with nowhere else to go on the other - tensions that ramped up further today as video captured gunfire ringing out. Poland said the shots were blanks fired by Belarus troops in an attempt to further destabilise the situation, while Belarus said the shots had actually come from the Polish side. Meanwhile Poland's president Andrzej Duda spoke out to accuse Belarus dictator Alexander Lukashenko of 'attacking' the EU, saying his country has an 'obligation' to protect the bloc's border and must resist 'these aggressive actions'. European leaders accuse Luksashenko of manufacturing the crisis by luring migrants to his country on a promise of passage into Europe before marching them to the border and leaving them stranded there in freezing conditions with little food or water.
         
        
        Border Force is refusing to implement Priti Patel's plan to turn back migrant boats after another 20 people were brought into the port of Dover in Kent in the early hours of this morning.
     
        
        A Green council leader has apologised for a 'major failure of judgement' after flying from Brighton to COP26 - hours after criticising the government over climate change.
     
        
        Influencers Megan, 34, and Whitney Bacon-Evans, 33, appeared on the breakfast show to discuss suing the NHS over its 'discriminatory' fertility policy.
     
            
            Clemens Weisshaar, 44, messaged ex Phoebe Arnold (together left) 'several' times after going missing with son Tasso (right) on November 1 to say he would harm the boy unless she gave up on plans to divorce him, Portuguese media has claimed based on police sources. Weisshaar sent several emails and WhatsApp messages between November 1 and November 4, local media reports, including one which read 'your hell has now began' before he stopped making contact. Three days later, Weisshaar's body was found in a remote wooded area (pictured top inset, a nearby village) with a gunshot wound to the head while Tasso's remains were found close by in a burned-out vehicle in an apparent case of murder-suicide. Post-mortem examinations are underway to establish exactly how long the pair had laid dead, and whether the boy died before he was placed into the burning vehicle.
         
        
        Barak Obama, who seems to have to confused Scotland with Ireland, has been trolled for claiming he was on the 'Emerald Isles' during his COP26 speech in Glasgow.
     
        
        HENRY DEEDES: The few that bothered to show sat almost shell-shocked, licking and pawing their wounds like a routed battalion. No laughs. No cheery 'What ho's to colleagues.
     
        
        Daniel Kawczynski - a parliamentary neighbour and political ally of Owen Paterson - was ordered to say sorry after Standards Commissioner Kathryn Stone found him guilty of bullying.
     
            
            Friends have been paying tribute online after an ex company director was found dead at her home in Somerset. Although no formal identification has taken place yet, mourners paying their respects online have named the victim as 47-year-old Sarah Ashwell Joice (left). It comes after police launched a murder probe following the discovery of her body at a property in South Street, Wells, at around 2.30pm on Sunday. The death is being treated as suspicious and two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder.
         
        
        The PM was lambasted by Opposition politicians as the Commons kicked off an emergency debate - which he has ducked saying he cannot get back from a visit to Northumberland in time.
     
        
        The ex-international development secretary is paid for working for wealth manager Investec for two days a year and strategic consultancy Montrose Associates for eight days a year.
     
            
            RICHARD KAY: Just like The Crown, with its insistence that it made scrupulous efforts to get the details right, new Diana biopic Spencer, starring Kristen Stewart (centre) as the Princess of Wales, hides behind a veneer of authenticity. It is not the only commodity it has in common with the Netflix series. Members of the Royal Family are shown as haughty and cruel while enveloped by protocols so rigid that they would be laughable if they weren't so lamentably absurd.
         
        
        Environmentalists said pipelines to export the oil from the Cambo field off the coast of Scotland would cut through around 22 miles of the Faroe-Shetland Sponge Belt, a UK Marine Protected Area.
     
        
        Some cocktails warm the blood, others the mind. But some are designed to make life more fun, or for the Royals, more bearable. Take their favourite rocket fuel, Gordon's Gin, Dubonnet and ice.
     
        
        Available nationwide today the menu sees the return of the nation's much-loved festive favourites including Pret's Christmas Lunch, Vegan Christmas Nut Roast and Melvin, Pret's Melting Gingerbread.
     
            
            DAN WOOTTON (pictured inset): Jemima Khan (pictured left with Princess Diana in 1996) is one of Princess Diana's few remaining genuine friends who has never betrayed her publicly since that tragic Paris car accident. The pair were close, with the then wife of Imran Khan hosting Di on several major trips to Pakistan throughout key moments in her personal life during 1996 and 1997. It's no exaggeration to say she was one of the few credible witnesses to the Princess of Wales' state of mind in her last 24 months as Diana endured a painful estrangement from the Royal Family, suffering the consequences of speaking to Martin Bashir on the BBC - and she's always stayed steadfastly silent. That's why Khan's involvement in helping tell the story of Diana's final years in the controversial fifth series of The Crown - due to be broadcast next year with Aussie actress Elizabeth Debicki taking over the role from Emma Corrin - felt like a hugely significant moment. Netflix, which has come under constant scrutiny for distorting the truth of many key moments of royal life in the international hit series, finally had cover to insist they were staying loyal to Diana's real story and the realities of her final days on earth. This was going to prove especially important given that the hugely influential company had signed Diana's youngest son Prince Harry (pictured right) and his ambitious Hollywood wife Meghan on a mega deal worth tens of millions of dollars. But yesterday that cover combusted in a shocking and dramatic fallout between Khan and The Crown that must now result in Harry quitting the broadcaster too if he has a single shred of respect left for his mother's legacy.
         
        
        The Chief of the General Staff, General Sir Mark Carleton-Smith, said there were 'core and cultural issues' in the Army which need to be addressed following a 'full and frank' meeting with Ben Wallace.
     
        
        A chin plaster that monitors facial movements during sleep has been developed to detect sleep apnoea - a snoring condition that raises the risk of heart disease and stroke.
     
        
        DR MARTIN SCURR: Let me first explain the reasons for having an ICD and the way it functions. It is a small device placed in the chest to detect and correct abnormal heart rhythms.
     
            
            Warrant Officer Mike Ransley (left), RSM of the elite Infantry Battle School, has been relieved of responsibilities while the claims are investigated. The news came as Ben Wallace (right), the Defence Secretary, reprimanded top brass yesterday following a series of scandals including claims of sexual harassment of female military personnel, one of whom took her own life. The latest allegations of misconduct surround a social function at the battle school at Brecon in Powys, mid-Wales. The Warrant Officers' and Sergeants' Mess dinner was attended by instructors who teach battlefield skills to thousands of soldiers every year. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace yesterday ordered Army chiefs to stamp out sexism with a major overhaul of regimental culture. He summoned generals for an unprecedented dressing-down after scandals including claims that soldiers killed a prostitute in Kenya and allegations that a female officer cadet who killed herself had been sexually harassed. Pictured: Chief of the General Staff, General Mark Carleton-Smith (inset).
         
        
        EXCLUSIVE: Vaughan was stood down from his weekly programme on BBC Radio 5 Live after admitting he was named in the independent report into Yorkshire's treatment of Azeem Rafiq.
     
        
        One of the four accusers in the Ghislaine Maxwell sex trafficking trial could potentially be excluded from the case after a judge ruled prosecutors failed to address whether she could be considered a 'victim'.
     
        
        Officials in Paris said President Macron wants a truce in the cross-Channel war of words over access to British fishing waters so he can secure the greater prize of military co-operation
     
        
        Vandals daubed 'Corrupt scum' on the windows of MP David Jones's base in Colwyn Bay. Days earlier the words 'Tory sleaze' were sprayed outside the office of Wellingborough MP Peter Bone.
     
        
        Gwent Police said they were called to an address in Caerphilly after receiving reports of the attack. Paramedics attended but the boy was tragically pronounced dead at the scene.
     
        
        The study by the University of Exeter said going to bed after midnight may damage the heart as people are less likely to see morning light, disrupting the natural body clock.
     
            
            A seriously injured caver who was left stranded in a 900ft-deep cave system beneath the Brecon Beacons after plunging from a 50ft ledge has been rescued from the cave system (bottom left). The man in his 40s, who has been trapped since falling on Saturday, was pulled out of the caves in Ogof Ffynnon Ddu this evening by a team of rescuers. Working in shifts, some 250 workers moved the man out of the cave system on a stretcher. 
         
        
        Adam Afriyie 56, who has been MP for Windsor since 2005, could become bankrupt for unpaid taxes, leaving open the possibility of another by-election if the Tory politician is forced to resign.
     
        
        Over 15 years, hundreds of postmasters were wrongly convicted, bankrupted or driven out of their jobs after being accused of stealing from their tills.
     
        
        More than 11,000 patients have caught Covid and died in NHS hospitals while being treated for other illnesses according to Freedom of Information data from NHS trusts in England.
     
            
            Tory MP Geoffrey Cox QC earned hundreds of thousands of pounds from a second job that saw him vote in Parliament remotely from the Caribbean. The former attorney general is advising the government of the British Virgin Islands, a tax haven accused of corruption. He took advantage of lockdown rules to cast votes in the Commons by proxy as he worked 4,000 miles away on the lucrative contract earlier this year, a source disclosed. Sir Geoffrey yesterday revealed he has earned more than £1million from outside legal work over the past year on top of his £82,000 salary as a backbencher. A Whitehall insider said: 'While he should have been in the UK working for his constituents he's been over in the British Virgin Islands doing his second job working as a barrister and advising those accused of trousering cash for their mates.' (Pictured: Left, Geoffrey Cox with his wife Jeanie. Top right, the British Virgin Islands. Bottom right, Appledore in Devon)
         
        
        The woman from Erith, south-east London, who asked not to be named, criticised Conservative-run Bexley Council for leaving her children 'in tears'. She also claims the property was 'infested with mice'.
     
        
        It was in need of a revamp after patches of the roof began to crumble. Punters can now safely enjoy a pint in the Grade II listed building in Royal Tunbridge Wells for decades to come.
     
        
        The row comes after the Daily Mail revealed yesterday that disgraced Owen Paterson will be entitled to a pass so he could continue roaming the corridors of power.
     
            
            Rachel Riley has given birth to a baby girl named Noa, 15 days after her due date. The Countdown star, 35, took to Instagram to reveal the happy news as she shared a picture of her bundle of joy, her second second child with husband Pasha Kovalev. In the caption of her post, Rachel gushed: 'We have some news…! Introducing Pasha's newest dance partner - baby Noa was finally born, 15 days after her due date, late on Friday night to the sound of fireworks! 
         
        
        The study by King's College London researchers, the first of its kind, found people who categorised themselves as 'other ethnic' were 30 percent less likely to die within one year.
     
        
        Leaseholders should not have to pay a penny towards the cost of replacing fire-risk cladding, Housing Secretary Michael Gove said last night in an apparent major concession.
     
        
        The move to remote consultations and the closure of drop-in clinics has left mothers and fathers feeling isolated and worried about children's health.
     
            
            Drill rapper Matteo Messore, 22, aka Mex the King (left and inset), shared the video on his Youtube page which shows him dancing in the Commonwealth War Graves cemetery near Cassino in southern Italy (pictured top right). In the one and a half minute clip, the rapper can be seen leaning on the graves of British soldiers while making a throat slitting gesture before vaping and dancing in the cemetery. The site commemorates over 4,000 Commonwealth servicemen who took part in the Battle of Monte Cassino (pictured bottom right) as part of the  Italian campaign of the Second World War.
         
        
        The cost of a typical two-year deal for homeowners with a 35 per cent deposit is now at an eight-year high, according to data analysts Moneyfacts as the era of ultra-low deals could be coming to an end.
     
        
        Researchers measured microplastic levels in 20 British living rooms. Found an average of 1,414 pieces per square metre per day which are likely to come from clothing, curtains and carpets.
     
        
        Highways bosses are reportedly ignoring guidance issued by transport secretary Grant Shapps which states refuges on smart motorways should be no more than one mile apart.
     
            
            A 15-year-old boy jailed for a minimum of 16 years for murdering his 12-year-old friend Roberts Buncis (right) and trying to decapitate him has been unmasked by a judge. Killer child Marcel Grzeszcz (left) can now be named after a ruling from a High Court judge at Lincoln Crown Court. Grzeszcz stabbed Roberts more than 70 times on ground in Fishtoft (lower inset), near Boston, Lincolnshire, on December 12 last year, just two days before his 13th birthday. A trial at Lincoln Crown Court earlier this year heard that the defendant 'intended at the very least to inflict serious violence' on his young victim because 'he was a snitch'. The teenager claimed Robert had taken the knife to the scene and he 'lost control' when the youngster attempted to stab him.
         
        
        New Yorkshire CCC chairman Lord Patel (pictured) revealed the side had put 'absolutely no restrictions' on the agreement and apologised to him and his family.
     
        
        UK scientists say Britain may have peaked for Covid cases and a winter lockdown will not be needed this year but all this is contingent on enough people getting their Covid booster jab.
     
        
        Lulu in Edinburgh is now advertising that it will not ask revellers to show their papers to get in after suffering a collapse in custom.
     
            
            Distraught owners have spoken out about losing their beloved dogs on bonfire night as two canines who were 'scared to death' of fireworks collapse and die over the weekend. A 10-year-old Staffy Labrador cross named Dexter (Pictured Left) was left 'terrified' by the noise and collapsed on the bathroom floor in Hemlington, North Yorkshire amidst a chorus of fireworks on Bonfire Night. Elsewhere a one-year-old Lhassa Apso puppy died from a heart attack allegedly 'caused by fireworks' last week (Top Right). Bam the dog (Bottom Right) is also recovering today after his astonished owners say the bang of fireworks saw him plunge into the sea and swim in terror for nearly ten miles. Edward, a five-year-old German Shepherd cross Akita, (Pictured Middle) had run in terror over the edge of a sheer 100ft cliff and drowned in the sea at Newquay on the Cornwall coast.
         
        
        Dr Chris Rowland bought sprawling nine-bedroom Tadmarton House near Banbury in Oxfordshire in 2009 and planned to use it as a weekend country retreat with his then partner, Sharon Blades.
     
        
        A Sunday Times report yesterday showed 15 of the last 16 Conservative Party treasurers have been offered a seat in the Lords, having each donated more than £3 million to the party.
     
        
        NHS hospitals are sending almost one in six X-rays, CT and MRI scans to foreign experts based in places like Australia and New Zealand due to a shortage of radiologists her in the UK.
     
            
            The bodies of Clemens Weisshaar, 44 (top right, bottom inset), and son Tasso, three (left and right), were discovered on Sunday morning near a village 80 miles south of Lisbon in what police believe was a murder-suicide. Weisshaar, a famous German designer, was dead from a self-inflicted bullet wound to the head while Tasso's remains were found inside a burned-out car. It comes a week after British mother Phoebe Arnold (bottom right, inset) reported the pair missing, when Weisshaar failed to return the boy from a custody visit. Ms Arnold, a celebrity stylist who counted the likes of Paloma Faith among her clients and rubbed shoulders with Gigi Hadid, had been dating Weisshaar since at least 2016 and the pair are thought to have been married before separating in July this year. She then went to live in Lisbon with their son, with Weisshaar visiting in late October to see the boy. He had 'promised' to return Tasso to his mother on November 1, Portuguese media reported, but the pair never reappeared and Ms Arnold reported them missing. A police investigation is now underway.
         
        
        In the five years to 2025, Strutt and Parker predicts the typical UK home will have increased in value by between 20 and 35%.
     
        
        The soap actress, 39, spoke to OK! Magazine about the heartbreaking new, as she revealed she discovered a lump in her breast while feeding Theo, 11 months
     
        
        Mr Eustice yesterday claimed that the 'important' idea was under discussion. But his claim was contradicted by officials at the Treasury and the Department for Business today.
     
            
            Boris Johnson's abortive bid to save ally Owen Paterson from lobbying punishment will come under fresh fire in the Commons this afternoon. Conservatives have already been venting their anger at the bungled tactic, which ended with an humiliating No10 U-turn and Mr Paterson quitting. Polls suggest that the party has taken huge damage from the row, even though ministers have dismissed it as a 'storm in a teacup'. But Mr Johnson - who might well not attend - has been left fighting on a series of fronts after he was accused of targeting standards commissioner Kathryn Hudson following a series of clashes. The premier could still face a Commons investigation into the funding of his 'Wallpapergate' renovation of the No11 residence. And he has also refused to declare his recent 'freebie' holiday to Spain on the parliamentary register - instead unusually using the ministerial interests list, which meant he did not have to disclose the value of the gift.
         
        
        A terrorist inquiry was opened today after a knifeman shouting 'religious slogans' was shot and wounded after attacking three police officers in the French seaside resort of Cannes.
     
        
        Prince Harry is being urged to tear up his £112million Netflix deal and make a stand over The Crown's portrayal of his mother Princess Diana.
     
        
        DOMINIC LAWSON: No country has been more dismissive of the UK's decision to leave the EU than France. That is, if the government of Emmanuel Macron speaks for the French nation as a whole.
     
        
        British 'White Widow' Samantha Lewthwaite, who was married to one of the 7/7 suicide bombers, is believed to have travelled 200 miles from Africa to Yemen in 2018, where she could be fighting.
     
        
        Royal biographer Penny Junor hit out at The Crown for casting Natascha McElhone (pictured), the stepdaughter of IRA supporting editor Roy Greenslade, in the role of Countess Mountbatten.
     
        
        Featuring powerful testimony from victims, Rape: Who's on Trial, explores the low conviction rates for sexual offences by following Avon & Somerset Police over two years.
     
            
            Saiqa Parveen, 37, (pictured left) from Birmingham, had decided to wait until she had given birth to her fifth child before she went to get vaccinated. She was eight-months pregnant when she contracted the virus on September 14 and as her conditioned worsened, she was taken to intensive care at the Good Hope Hospital in Sutton Coldfield (inset) where she tragically died on November 1. Doctor's battled to save Saiqa's life, placing her on a ventilator in intensive care before she underwent an emergency caesarean section at full term on September 26. She leaves behind her beloved husband Majid Ghafur, 40, (right) and her five daughters Noor, 12, Imaan, 11, Hibbah, eight and Ayesha, six - and their newborn baby Dua, who she never got to hold or see.
         
        
        Grant Shapps, the Conservative MP for Welwyn Hatfield, Hertfordshire, said he had an operation on his lip after coming off his bike while out cycling at the weekend.
     
        
        Detectives are investigating whether warped killer David Fuller, could be responsible for the rape and murder of Linda Cook (pictured) in Portsmouth 35 years ago.
     
        
        Prime Minister Boris Johnson is facing fresh scrutiny over the refurbishment of his Downing Street flat which is set to become the focus of the Commons anti-sleaze watchdog
     
        
        Rachel Riley and Anne Robinson 's Countdown feud could heat up as the former and her husband Pasha Kovalev prepare to welcome their second child.
     
        
        British Airways and Virgin Atlantic will operate synchronised departures at 8.30am from Heathrow to New York JFK to celebrate the end of the travel ban.
     
        
        A British-born Islamic State commander who boasted of involvement in killing an anti-Muslim figure in the UK has been shot dead while leading an assault in Yemen, the jihadi group has claimed.
     
            
            Sara Jane Smith (left) died less than two weeks after her son Martin Ward (inset) 18, had died alongside two friends in a car crash near Rotherham in South Yorkshire where the car he was in hit a tree (pictured right). Tributes have been paid to the mum as friends say she is 'with her son now'.
         
        
        Maros Sefcovic, the European Commission's Brexit enforcer, will hold talks with Brexit minister Lord Frost on Friday after a week of discussions.
     
        
        Research found 36 per cent of women surveyed had experienced some form of sexual assault or rape, with almost one third saying they have been a victim three or more times.
     
        
        Over ten days Sarah Dunn, 31, sought help as her health deteriorated after a termination in March last year. When admitted to hospital, medics assumed she was suffering from Covid.
     
       
       Poland said it had repelled an attempt by scores of migrants to illegally cross the border with Belarus (left), but that thousands more were on the way and future attempts to breach its frontier could be 'armed' in nature. Germany's Interior Minister Minister Horst Seehofer (inset) has begged the European Union to 'take action' and help stem the flow of migrants illegally crossing into Poland from Belarus and backed Warsaw's plans to build a border wall. As Poland's neighbour, Germany has seen a steep rise in migrants entering from Belarus via Poland. Seehofer's warning comes after Polish soldiers were seen pepper-spraying the migrants from behind a barbed-wire barrier as the desperate people tried to hack it down with branches and spades (right). At other sections of the line, small children were held up by desperate parents who pleaded with the Polish forces to let them through, while others chanted: 'Germany,' renowned for its hospitality towards refugees.
      
        
        Negotiators at the Cop26 conference said China and Saudi Arabia had opposed proposals to require countries to report their emissions amid concerns that some nations hide the extent of their output.
     
        
        Sweden became an international outlier last year when it defied scientific advice and refused to follow the rest of the world in shutting down society to curb the virus' spread.
     
        
        The Minas Gerias Energy Company confirmed the plane hit a cable on an electrical pole moments before the aircraft crashed in a waterfall Friday, killing singer Marília Mendonça and four others.
     Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",8585,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886179420,2021-03-23 05:45:01,An Enslaved Black Man Mentored Jack Daniel And Now This Whiskey Founder Is Honoring Him,https://www.huffpost.com/entry/uncle-nearest-whiskey_l_6049122ac5b6cf72d093a9f9,en,False,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"On Assignment For HuffPost The name honors Nathan “Nearest” Green, a former enslaved Black man who mentored Jack Daniel. Though Nearest was the first known African American master distiller, his story hadn’t been told outside of Lynchburg, Tennessee — where the Jack Daniel Distillery is based — and his story disappeared for decades. In order to revive his legacy, Weaver created the whiskey brand encompassing his story, and she brought on Victoria Eady Butler, Nearest’s great-great granddaughter, as master blender. Uncle Nearest is the fastest-growing independent American whiskey brand in U.S. history. For us, we put together a team that wanted to build a brand that cemented the legacy of Nearest Green. If you don’t grow the brand in this manner, this magnitude, this size, this speed, you are absolutely not going to have anybody in the future generations remember it. There are too many brands that come out. There are too many that sit on the shelf that you have to choose from. So either we were going to come out with a lot of noise and really make an impact or we were going to fail, because the big guys own the vast majority of the shelf. This industry is very do-or-die. The majority of new brands that come out don’t succeed. Either you come out and do what we’re doing, or you’re not here in five to 10 years. I think even if I were a white male, people would be like, “How the hell did he do that?” It was just putting together a team who looked at this as being much bigger and much greater than a whiskey company. None of us looked at ourselves as whiskey salespeople. We looked at ourselves as being people who were charged with cementing the legacy of the first African American master distiller, a story that was lost for however many years it was lost before we basically brought it back to the public, but also shared it outside of Lynchburg, Tennessee. The question became, ‘How do we make sure that this time, it goes into the history books and stays there for every future generation?’ That was our focus.  I don’t know if I’ve saved his legacy. I think that someone else would’ve done exactly what I’m doing, but I just happen to be the one who did it. I don’t think that there’s anything special about me or what I’ve done. I don’t think his story is known because of me. His story is known because it’s meant to be told, and his legacy is meant to be known. I do believe it would’ve been told with or without us. I’m a child of two teetotalers. I wouldn’t have seen myself in the liquor business. Period. It’s not a space I would have considered. But I also have been a person who has followed my gut, my instincts and my heart my entire adult life, so for that I’m not surprised. I don’t think about the fact that I’m a woman. I don’t think about the fact that I’m Black. I don’t think about the fact that I do belong or don’t belong. I don’t care. When I am focused on getting something done, I just get it done. I don’t pay attention to any of that other noise. Yeah, I was an outsider coming in, but I loved it. It meant I got to do things that other people likely didn’t or wouldn’t try, because someone would’ve told them it’s not possible or that it doesn’t work or that it’s not conventional or that it’s not advisable. I got to ignore all of that because I wasn’t from the industry. “For Black businesses in general, the biggest challenge that we generally have is no one knows that we exist.” In the present and the future, for us it’s just about continuing to grow. What we can do is make sure we build this brand so large and create such success around it and name recognition that the future generations will be able to take the baton and continue to grow it. When I am looking at things, I’m not looking at five years from now or 10 years from now. I’m generally looking 100, 200 years down the road. And one of the decisions that we have to make right now is to make sure this brand, like Jack Daniel’s, is continuing to grow 200 years down the line.  But what I don’t want to do is have to sell to a big guy. So the best way to keep from having to sell to a big guy is to become a big guy. I don’t believe in putting limits on our growth. Why would I ever limit being too big? To me, that doesn’t even make sense. I think cementing a man’s legacy who should have been in the history books — I find it a great honor. What I know for sure is the reason we still talk about Johnnie Walker, Jim Beam and Jack Daniel is because their names are on a bottle that sits on a shelf, and people are still drinking their juice. So that’s what will cement Nearest’s legacy. On Assignment For HuffPost ",876,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886177381,2021-03-23 05:37:47,Young South Koreans Erupt in Anger Over Housing Scandal,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/world/asia/korea-housing-lh-scandal-moon-election.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by President Moon has spent years trying to curb runaway housing prices. Now several officials in his government are under investigation for contributing to the problem ahead of important elections. Send any friend a story SEOUL — ​The 10 people bought $8.8 million worth of land in an undeveloped area southwest of Seoul, registering it for farming and planting numerous trees. It’s a common trick used by shady real estate speculators in South Korea: Once the area is taken over for housing development, the developers must pay not only for the land, but the trees, too. A national outrage erupted this month when South Koreans learned that the 10 people were officials from the Korea Land and Housing Corporation (LH) — the government agency in charge of building new towns and housing — suspected of using privileged information to cash in on government housing development programs. The incident has thrown President Moon Jae-in’s government into crisis mode just weeks before key mayoral elections that are largely seen as a referendum on him and his party ahead of next year’s presidential race. Young South Koreans are saying they are fed up with corruption and the president’s failed policies on runaway housing prices. The LH scandal is now set to become a critical voter issue in Mr. Moon’s final year in office. “When my girlfriend and I discuss how we are going to find a house in Seoul for the family we are going to start, we can’t find an answer,” said Park Young-sik, 29, an office worker. “The LH scandal shows how some people in South Korea make a quick fortune through real-estate foul play, while the rest of us can barely buy a house even if we toil and save for a lifetime.” President after president has promised to make housing more affordable in South Korea, but real-estate prices have kept soaring, undermining public trust. Real-estate speculation has become something of a national sport, but the suspicion of insider trading among public officials made the LH story stand out. Anger spread quickly, especially among young South Koreans who have been crushed by the country’s dwindling job opportunities. “The den of thieves!” read one of the many signs young protesters plastered on the doors of an LH office in Seoul this month. “I am sorry for worrying the people greatly, and for deeply disappointing those people who have lived honestly,” Mr. Moon said last week, vowing to eliminate “real estate corruption widespread in our society” as a priority of his last year in power. Apartment prices in Seoul have soared by 58 percent during Mr. Moon’s tenure, according to data from the government-run Korea Real Estate Board. Some of the units in popular residential districts in Seoul have nearly doubled in price in the same period. When Mr. Moon took office in 2017, he promised a “fair and just” society. His government has introduced dozens of regulatory steps to curb housing prices, including raising capital-gains taxes on house flipping and property taxes on multiple-home owners. None of these measures have worked. Last month, the Moon administration announced plans to supply more than 836,000 new housing units in the next four years, including 70,000 homes to be built in the area southwest of Seoul at the center of the LH scandal. Two civic groups were the first to report that 10 LH officials bought land there months before the highly secretive development plan was announced, accusing the officials of capitalizing on insider information for personal gain, a crime in South Korea. The government has identified 20 LH officials who are suspected of using privileged information to buy land in various areas before projects were slated to begin there. The investigation has been expanded to target government employees outside of LH, including members of Mr. Moon’s staff. As the dragnet grew larger, two LH officials were found dead this month in apparent suicides. One of them left a note confessing to an “inappropriate deed,” according to the local media. “LH officials had more access to information on public housing projects than any other, but sadly, we also learned through our investigation that they were ahead of others in real estate speculation,” said Lee Kang-hoon, a lawyer at the People’s Solidarity for Participatory Democracy, one of the two civic groups that uncovered the corruption among the LH officials. Mr. Moon’s political enemies have been quick to fan the flames among angry voters. “Stealing public data for real estate speculation is a crime that ruins the country,” the former prosecutor general, Yoon Seok-youl, told the conservative daily Chosun Ilbo this month while criticizing the government’s handling of the situation. Mr. Yoon has become a darling among the conservative opposition, and recent surveys showed him to be one of the most popular potential candidates in next year’s presidential election. He recently clashed with Mr. Moon over the president’s effort to curtail the power of prosecutors, and resigned early this month. Lee Jae-myung, the governor of Gyeonggi Province, is another potential candidate in next year’s race. The liberal governor hopes to represent Mr. Moon’s party in the election and has promoted a “basic housing” policy in which the government would provide cheap and long-term rentals for South Koreans. He recently urged Parliament to enact a comprehensive law banning conflicts of interest among public servants. “If you want to clean the house, you must first clean the mop,” he said. “If you want to make South Korea a fair society, you must first ensure that those who make and implement policies act fairly.” Advertisement ",929,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886184925,2021-03-23 05:49:11,MoneyWatch: Facebook profits jump; GM issues more recalls,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/moneywatch-facebook-profits-jump-gm-issues-more-recalls/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. ,19,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886184878,2021-03-23 06:02:19,UK competition watchdog will probe Penguin Random House's £1.45bn take-over of Simon & Schuster,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392267/UK-competition-watchdog-probe-Penguin-Random-Houses-1-45bn-Simon-Schuster.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 6 Penguin Random House's £1.45billion takeover of a US publishing rival is to be probed amid concerns it will create a 'books behemoth'. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said it is investigating the purchase of Simon & Schuster, which was announced following an auction last year. Regulators will consider before May 19 whether the takeover could result in a 'substantial lessening of competition within any market or markets in the UK'. If the CMA presses ahead with more in-depth probes, it could ultimately result in restrictions being placed on the deal - or see it blocked outright. Through Penguin, German parent firm Bertelsmann last year outbid Rupert Murdoch's News Corp in a contest to buy Simon & Schuster, the publisher of Dan Brown, Hillary Clinton and Stephen King. S&S is being sold by Viacom, which put on the block last year. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said it is investigating the purchase of Simon & Schuster, which was announced following an auction last year. Pictured: Barack Obama's book was published by PRH Regulators will consider before May 19 whether the takeover could result in a 'substantial lessening of competition within any market or markets in the UK'. Pictured: Margaret Atwood has books published by PRH If the CMA presses ahead with more in-depth probes, it could ultimately result in restrictions being placed on the deal - or see it blocked outright. Pictured: Zadie Smith has books published by PRH The deal would cement Bertelsmann as the world's biggest bookseller after the 185-year-old publisher took full control of the £2.5billion Penguin Random House from Pearson in 2019. It will also mean that the number of large mainstream publishing houses will go down from five to just four in the US. Thomas Rabe, Bertelsmann's boss, has insisted the merged entity will have a US market share of less than 20 per cent, making the transaction 'approvable'. But other industry figures see the deal very differently, with News Corp boss Robert Thomson claiming Bertelsmann is 'buying market dominance as a book behemoth' and that it had an 'anti-market logic'. The Authors Guild also warned last year the deal would mean fewer competing bidders for manuscripts - giving Bertelsmann more bargaining power and raising the spectre it could squeeze writers with lower pay. Chief Executive of the Society of Authors Nicola Solomon told the Guardian: 'The deal will make Penguin Random House the biggest publisher by quite a long way, and it already is the biggest. Through Penguin, German parent firm Bertelsmann last year outbid Rupert Murdoch's News Corp in a contest to buy Simon & Schuster, the publisher of Dan Brown, Hillary Clinton (pictured) and Stephen King Best-selling fiction writer Stephen King (pictured) has books published by Simon & Schuster The deal would cement Bertelsmann as the world's biggest bookseller after the 185-year-old publisher took full control of Penguin Random House from Pearson in 2019. Pictured: Ernest Hemingway whose books have been published by Simon & Schuster 'We have nothing against the practices of either company but combined there is that potential for market dominance. 'Our concern is just that it isn't in anyone's interest to have someone in a monopoly position.' Penguin, the world's biggest trade publishing group, has more than 15,000 new publications and sells more than 600million books a year. Penguin Random House Who are they? PRH is an American book publisher founded in 1927. It is owned German media conglomerate Bertelsmann after being bought from Pearson - the former owners of the Financial Times - in 2019. Best-selling writers: Hachette French publisher Hachette was originally founded as Brédif in 1826. It is still based in Paris and its CEO is Arnaud Nourry, who has branded e-books a 'stupid product'. Best-selling writers: HarperCollins Who are they? William Collins & Sons was founded in Glasgow in 1819 and published bibles, atlases and dictionaries. It later grew to release works from some of history's greatest authors. It publishes around 1,000 books a year in the UK. Best-selling writers: Macmillan Who are they? Macmillan Publishers is a British company with its headquarters in New York City, but with offices in 41 countries worldwide. It is owned by Holtzbrinck Publishing Group and was founded in 1843 by Scotsmen Daniel Macmillan and Alexander MacMillan. Best-selling writers: Simon & Schuster Who are they? The American publishing company is a subsidiary of ViacomCBS. It was founded in New York City in 1924 by Richard Simon and Lincoln Schuster. As of 2016, it was the third largest publisher in the US, publishing 2,000 titles a year. Best-selling writers: Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",772,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886177376,2021-03-23 05:42:11,India’s commercial hub plans a testing blitz after cases rise worryingly.,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/world/mumbai-covid-random-testing.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by The city of Mumbai will conduct random tests in crowded places as India confronts a growing number of coronavirus cases. Send any friend a story Rapid antigen tests will be taken without individuals’ consent, the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai said in a statement on Monday. Anyone who resists will be in violation of India’s colonial-era epidemic act, which gives the government the power to fine or imprison people who violate rules to contain an outbreak. “We are trying to implement the existing protocol to the strictest possible level: use of face mask, regulating the number of people in one event, use of hand sanitizer, and now tests,” Suresh Kakani, a senior municipal official in Mumbai, told The New York Times. Active Covid-19 cases in Mumbai have risen by more than 140 percent since March 1. With variants circulating and commercial activity almost back to prepandemic levels, the number of infections has also shot up in the surrounding state of Maharashtra. An entire district was forced back into lockdown last week. Mr. Kakani said officials are determined to avert another lockdown in Mumbai, the city of 20 million that is home to Bollywood, India’s film industry, as well as the country’s largest stock exchange. Advertisement ",209,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886179413,2021-03-23 05:45:01,11 Sneaky Signs You Have Health Anxiety Because Of The Pandemic,https://www.huffpost.com/entry/signs-health-anxiety-covid-pandemic_l_6058b173c5b6d6c2a2a8d47f,en,False,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"On Assignment For HuffPost “It makes sense because, as a culture, we have never spent so much time reading, talking, watching or learning about a specific issue related to our physical health,” she explained.  Vigilance is good when it comes to preventing COVID-19, but there comes a point when you may overcorrect your behavior or have unhealthy thought patterns. Think you’ve developed health anxiety during the pandemic? Below, experts share some signs you might be struggling and offer some advice on how to address it. Here’s how: Interrupt your thoughts with the word “stop” when you notice your obsessive thinking, and then distract yourself with a pleasant activity or something you enjoy doing. Listen to your favorite song, organize a small part of your home, call a friend, engage in a hobby, or read a chapter from a book. Stopping worries is all about breaking up your stream of thoughts. Even just a few minutes of interruption can help you disengage from this loop, Ho added. Of course it’s OK to talk about the pandemic, but if you find that conversation about COVID-19 is crowding out other important topics in your life or other people’s, then it could signify anxiety. But what if your mother wants you to assure her that she’s OK after going to the grocery store double-masked and wearing a face shield? “You have to decide what your boundaries are,” Greenbaum said. “If reassuring someone feels OK and doesn’t exacerbate your own anxiety, then that can be your boundary that you can be there and support other people and their concerns but you don’t voice your own.”  But if those comments trigger your own health anxiety, then you need to speak up. Greenbaum said to try: “I’m here for you. But right now I’m really working on reducing my own anxiety about these things. Do you mind if we hold off on talking about COVID for some time?” Tracking the news is helpful to the extent that it informs you about safety precautions. Beyond that, viewing an endless amount of COVID-19 news might be a cause and effect of health anxiety.  It’s normal for people to experience bouts of insomnia or sleeplessness during times of stress. But if you are having more sleepless nights due to worrying over the pandemic ― or having nightmares related COVID-19 ― it could very well be an indication that you have developed significant health anxiety.  Some dreams, she explained, are laden with overt expressions of fear around one’s safety and health. For example, many people dream about being in a crowd with no mask and feeling vulnerable. Others include more symbolic manifestations of this fear, like contamination-themed dreams. “Try writing out worries and your pandemic-related dreams, as this helps to externalize them,” Giuttari said. “Assess how likely or realistic each worry is and name them as rational or irrational. Find supportive people or a therapist to talk with to process them.”  Are you refraining from approved stress-relieving activities like hiking, cycling or walking where social distance permits? This could be a red flag for anxiety. Avoidance is one of the main reinforcements for anxiety because of the sense of relief it brings. Von Reiche said, “I advise challenging the compulsion to stay sequestered by taking small steps like making sure you go to the mailbox every day, then walk to the end of your block, and so on.” “Often even when tests are negative, then patients may still request more and more tests,” she said. “Of course it is important that you don’t feel that your symptoms are being dismissed but if you have had several negative tests and a thorough examination, and you still don’t feel reassured by that, then this may be a sign of an anxiety disorder,” Olulade said, adding that talk therapy can help address these symptoms. It’s important to remember that many of the symptoms of COVID-19 can also be attributed to other conditions.  “If you are constantly worried about everyday coughs, sneezes, headaches and the occasional aches and pains ― and if you are obsessively taking COVID tests for reassurance ― it is time to control your thoughts and not let them spiral into anxiety,” DeWitt said.  The next time you think a sneeze is COVID-19, DeWitt said, very compassionately stop and redirect your thoughts to positively reinforce all the ways you have been careful and safe.  “Recognize that what is driving these thoughts is a fear of getting sick and losing control,” DeWitt said. “Once you can identify the fear, the better able you are to challenge it with concrete facts.” Not every interaction with other people is guaranteed to result in the transmission of the coronavirus. And if fear of infection is keeping you from participating in otherwise safe activities ― like being outdoors or potentially even running to the store ― this may also be a sign of health anxiety.  “Remember, your mental health is important too — and being around other people, safely, can be good for your emotional well-being,” DeWitt said. “Social distancing, wearing masks, and visiting outdoors have all been shown to be safe ways of interacting with others during the pandemic.”  Hygiene is important; hygiene theater ― especially when it stems from anxiety ― should be addressed. When the urge to be overprotective strikes, McNeil said to remind yourself that you’re taking the proper precautions already. One good-size squirt of hand sanitizer should remove the germs; you don’t need four to five coats to do the trick. If you can’t ignore the overwhelming pull to over-clean, it’s definitely worth chatting with a mental health professional. Excessive worry over your health often prompts you to jump to the worst-case scenario. “Having a debilitating fear of doing an activity and only being able to envision a catastrophic outcome from performing the activity is a sign that you have heightened anxiety,” McNeil said. Yes, severe disease and death is an outcome of COVID-19. But there are also other outcomes. Yes, it’s possible you can catch the virus at the store. But there are also preventive measures you can take to ensure you’re safe. “You don’t need to live in the world, treating yourself as if your worst-case scenario has already happened,” McNeil added. “You are punishing yourself with unnecessary pain now and stripping yourself of the ability to be present in the moment so that you can take necessary precautions or to have your wits around you as you enter a potentially unsafe situation.” He noted that it’s important to keep up with regular visits and to consult with a doctor if you’re having a health issue you’re concerned about. “Ignorance is not bliss when it comes to your health,” he said. And if any of these warning signs rings a bell, reach out to a mental health professional. It’s possible to navigate the pandemic without exacerbating your anxiety, and a therapist can tailor your coping methods to your specific needs. On Assignment For HuffPost ",1175,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886184919,2021-03-23 05:57:10,Congress introduces plans to stem influx of minors crossing border,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/congress-introduces-plans-to-stem-influx-of-minors-crossing-border/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886184877,2021-03-23 06:02:46,Polish writer faces three years in jail for calling the country's president a 'moron' on Facebook,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392515/Polish-writer-faces-three-years-jail-calling-countrys-president-moron-Facebook.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 154 A Polish writer is facing a possible three-year prison sentence after calling President Andrzej Duda a 'moron' on Facebook. 'I am, I suspect, the first writer in this country in a very long time to be tried for what he wrote,' Zulczyk, who is the screenwriter behind the popular series Blinded by the Lights and Belfer, said in a Facebook post.  On November 7 last year, Zulczyk commented on a curiously worded tweet in which Duda congratulated Biden for his 'successful presidential campaign' but said he was waiting for 'the nomination by the Electoral College'. Duda, who is supported by the populist right-wing Law and Justice (Pis) party, was a close ally of Biden's predecessor Donald Trump who unsuccessfully contested the election result. Jakub Zulczyk (pictured) said that prosecutors had charged him under an article in the criminal code for insulting the head of state over comments Duda made about US President Joe Biden's election victory In his comment, Zulczyk said that 'there is no such thing as 'nomination by the Electoral College'', adding that Biden's confirmation as US president was 'a mere formality'. 'Andrzej Duda is a moron', he wrote.  Aleksandra Skrzyniarz, a spokeswoman for Warsaw district prosecutors, told Polish news agency PAP on Monday that charges had been filed against a man, naming him only as 'Jakub Z'. 'The defendant was accused of committing an act of public insult on 7 November last year on a social network website against the President of the Republic of Poland, by using a term commonly recognised as insulting,' Skrzyniarz said.            On November 7 last year, Zulczyk commented on a curiously worded tweet in which President Andrzej Duda (pictured) congratulated Biden for his 'successful presidential campaign' but said he was waiting for 'the nomination by the Electoral College' [File photo] She added that the charge had been filed earlier this month and that the suspect had been questioned but 'did not admit to committing the alleged act and gave explanations.' 'He indicated that the statement constituted a critical assessment of the president's actions,' she said.  Poland has been criticised repeatedly for its different insult laws, including one on offending religious feeling and another on insulting the flags of Poland or other countries.  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",391,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886179408,2021-03-23 05:45:01,Why You Should Never Eat Lunch At Your Desk (Especially At Home),https://www.huffpost.com/entry/why-you-should-never-eat-lunch-at-your-desk_l_60522125c5b6ce101643c3f8,en,False,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"On Assignment for HuffPost The purpose of the temporarily defunct law had always been to spur French workers to actually take a break from their routines. According to many studies, that pause is just as necessary to being productive as concentrating on a computer screen for an extended length of time. But the benefits of eating away from your desk go beyond giving you a much-deserved break. What we eat and how we eat it has psychological and nutritional implications ― even more so during these unprecedented times. Let’s unpack why it’s beneficial to step away from your desk for meals, especially during the pandemic. Given the average American’s work-from-home setup, any sort of “work area” qualifies as a desk, whether it’s a dining table, a bed, a couch or an actual desk.  “I actually have not gotten feedback from people [at home] saying they are more inclined to eat at their desks,” clinical psychologist Sam Von Reiche told HuffPost. “I’ve found that people who are working at home take more advantage of the fact that they can go down and make something to eat in the kitchen.” “Unconscious eating is eating without giving much thought to the physiological cues that we may pay attention to when we are sitting at the dinner table and having a meal,” said Leanne Redman, the associate executive director for scientific education at Pennington Biomedical Research Center. “We are not paying attention to cues about satiety. We are more likely to eat more quickly and not feeling full.” During the pandemic, the problem is compounded. In a traditional office, employees are usually limited in terms of the foods they can eat, depending on what’s readily available to them. “In the COVID-19 era, we’ve had challenges with going out and buying food, so we tend to stockpile more at home and buy more foods in bulk,” Redman said. “Which means that as we’re sitting down, the portions of the foods that are available to us ― particularly snack food, which is our go-to when mindlessly eating ― are going to be much larger portions than before.” According to Brooke Scheller, a doctor of clinical nutrition and a certified nutrition specialist, easier access to a wider range of foods also translates to higher calorie consumption. “We are sitting in the same place so we might be snacking more because we are closer to our kitchens,” she said.  “It might seem like a good idea to sit at your desk and get through your emails during lunch,” Scheller said. “But by stepping away and taking time to give yourself a bit of a break, you’re going to improve your productivity later on. Ideally, 30 minutes to an hour is a good time to step away. We tend to really burn out when we don’t give ourselves those forced pauses.”  Von Reiche echoes those sentiments. “Taking a break to recharge your batteries and [give your] brain an opportunity to reboot ... will allow you to pay better attention and become more creative later on,” she said. The ability to socialize during lunch shouldn’t be overlooked, either. In regular times, a break would give employees the ability to socialize, a psychological necessity for all humans. Needless to say, our need to actually see and interact with other people ― at a safe distance and with a mask on, of course ― has been compounded during these unprecedented times.  “I don’t think I need to explain why we need a break now more than ever,” Von Reiche said. “We’ve been deprived of [socialization] for so long and people who say, ‘I’ll browse the internet or go on social media’ as a way to socialize … well, it’s absolutely not the same. People still report experiencing isolation and depression while at home.”  Are there any positives to just sitting at your desk and enjoying a salad and some peace and quiet? “From the vantage point of social distancing, obviously eating at your desk will prevent you from getting too close to somebody else,” Von Reiche said. “However, I feel as though you can accomplish the same feat by going outside and sitting on a park bench and eating your lunch while enjoying some fresh air and sunlight.” First off: Actually schedule a lunch break. Whether for 30 minutes or an hour, guaranteeing yourself a break from your workspace by blocking out some time on your calendar is a great first step. “It’s going to help you make more mindful choices at that time of eating,” Redman said.  If you can’t get out of your home, worry not! Just moving away from the space you spent all morning in might help. “Change your environment,” Scheller said. “If you can, sit in a different area than your normal working one. If you’ve got a dining table or something to sit at that creates more of a ‘meal’ feeling, embrace it.”  In Von Reiche’s words, we should “set the stage for lunch.” Whether setting up a table or putting on some music, it’s important to consume a meal in an environment that feels different from a work situation, even if both are taking place in your home.  Taking away the temptation to grab something from your fridge and quickly eat it at your desk will also help. “Leave food out of sight!” Redman suggests. “We should be removing the go-to items from the kitchen counter and putting them deep into the pantry. In general, when we go to the fridge, we don’t want the foods that we are most likely to snack on to be front and center.”  “Some Mediterranean countries have a siesta after lunch,” Redman said. “It’s an interesting concept.” By placing an importance on breaks, Europeans have maximized their productive hours.  Perhaps most sadly, our approach to lunch breaks ends up affecting other aspects of life, as well. “The U.S. work culture is accused of endorsing workaholism and that is directly related to the lower levels of recorded life satisfaction here versus Europe,” Von Reiche said. “We absolutely have several pages to rip out of the European book, whether it be the amount of vacations or breaks we take.” The negative effects of Americans’ “focus on productivity over well-being” are apparent every day, she added. On Assignment for HuffPost ",1059,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886184915,2021-03-23 06:00:10,"Cuomo maintains support of voters, despite misconduct allegations",https://www.cbsnews.com/news/andrew-cuomo-new-york-voters-misconduct-allegations/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,"Watch CBSN Live 
                      By Caitlin Huey-Burns and Grace Segers
                   The widespread opposition from members of his own party might be seen as a political death knell, especially for a Democrat in the #MeToo era. That was the case for Minnesota Senator Al Franken, who was pushed out of office by his colleagues — led by Gillibrand —    in 2017. Cuomo also has a long history with Gillibrand, who was special counsel at the Housing and Urban Development Department while he was HUD secretary in the 1990s. Cuomo's approach bears a closer resemblance to another politician from Queens, former President Trump — who doubled down on staying in office and banked on support from his core base of voters. ""I'm not going to resign. I was not elected by the politicians; I was elected by the people,"" Cuomo told reporters earlier this month. ""People know the difference between playing politics, bowing to 'cancel culture,' and the truth.""  And it's ""the people"" who are now the governor's last line of defense. And a Siena College poll released on March 15 similarly found that 50% of respondents thought Cuomo should not resign over the allegations, while 35% said he should.  ""It's almost his last stand now,"" Siena College pollster Steve Greenberg said of Cuomo's reliance on his voters. ""When he says 'they are— the ones who can fire me,' he's not wrong."" While Cuomo may have the support to stay in office for now, his prospects for a fourth term look dim. The Siena poll found that only 34% of voters would reelect Cuomo if he ran again, compared to 52% who say they would ""prefer someone else."" ""They don't want him to run for re-election, but he doesn't have to resign,"" Greenberg said. Cuomo's support among Black constituents helps tell the story of how he has survived so far. The Siena poll showed that 59% of Black voters say Cuomo should be reelected while 29% said they prefer someone else. Among White votes, those numbers are reversed.  Black voters also give Cuomo high favorability ratings, while his numbers among white voters are under water: 61% of Black voters view him favorably while just 37% of white voters do. And they give him higher grades than other voters do on whether he can do his job effectively, given the various investigations and on his handling of the pandemic.  ""Communities of color are particularly attuned to and sensitive to issues of due process and not rushing to judgment,"" says a New York Democratic operative. ""It isn't necessarily rushing to support him but it's wait-and-see mode."" The operative also said there is a sense of respect among Black voters for Attorney General Letitia James and her ability to conduct the investigation.  That support is not uniform, however. Several Black members of the state's congressional delegation have called on Cuomo to resign in light of the allegations. But notably, Representative Hakeem Jeffries, a member of House leadership, hasn't gone as far. ""The reality is we've got an impeachment investigation that is in front of us, as well as a very thorough attorney general investigation that is in front of us that has already begun,"" he told reporters last week. ""And then when the results of those investigations are presented to the public, I think some important decisions on accountability are going to have to be made.""  But some Democrats say such direct comparisons aren't accurate. One Democratic operative familiar with Virginia politics told CBS News that, unlike Northam, there have been multiple allegations against Cuomo. This operative said that Northam also worked hard to rebuild relationships with his constituents and other state politicians.  ""They seem to think the idea they can just wait it out and everything will be fine because the public will move on,"" he said. ""I don't think it works like that. You've got to rebuild political capital."" For Breaking News & Analysis Download the Free CBS News app Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ",708,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886184876,2021-03-23 06:05:59,Coronavirus UK: Public transport users are returning to buses faster than trains,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392229/Coronavirus-UK-Public-transport-users-returning-buses-faster-trains.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 20 Bus travel is returning to pre-pandemic levels much faster than rail in Britain, bosses revealed today as people go back to using buses for their 'everyday jobs' such as shopping and going to school. But rail usage is struggling to get to those levels as commuters avoid rail while continuing to work from home, with London Underground usage at just 23 per cent of the level it was at in February last year. The most recent Transport for London weekday data for Friday, March 12, 2021 shows 3,063,935 bus journeys were made, compared to the last Friday in February 2020, February 28, when the equivalent figure was 6,061,035.  As for the Tubes, the journeys figure was 947,673 on March 12, 2021, compared to 4,084,951 on February 28, 2020. However, usage of buses and Tubes on March 12 this year was the highest it has been since December 2020. It comes 12 months after Prime Minister Boris Johnson told the UK an unprecedented lockdown would commence to stop the spread of Covid-19. A week earlier, the public was asked to start working from home where possible. The move has led businesses up and down the country to evaluate the need for office space while employees reap the financial and time savings from no longer commuting, but it has come at the cost of isolation for many. Passengers board a bus near Waterloo station in Central London this morning as the third national lockdown continues The most recent Transport for London weekday data for Friday, March 12, 2021 (far right) shows 3,063,935 bus journeys were made, compared to the last Friday in February 2020, February 28, when the equivalent figure was 6,061,035. As for the Tubes, the journeys figure was 947,673 on March 12, 2021, compared to 4,084,951 on February 28, 2020 TomTom data shows how congestion in London has increased over the past two weeks since the schools returned on March 8 This TfL graph shows the breakdown of journeys based on the type of station, with tourist locations suffering a huge falls Passengers wear face masks as they sit apart on a London bus near Waterloo station this morning Four London buses are parked in a line near Waterloo station in Central London this morning A woman uses her phone while holding out her hand to hail a London bus near Waterloo station this morning  A London bus stands in a stop on Westminster Bridge in Central London near St Thomas' Hospital this morning 'We are at 43 per cent, 45 per cent in Newcastle in particular, and that's rising virtually every week as the triggers for coming out of lockdown take place, we expect steps up in those numbers. We got up to nearly 70 per cent before the second lockdown, so we're pretty confident those numbers will start coming back.' The number of workers on UK payrolls increased for the third month in a row in February but has fallen by nearly 700,000 since the start of the pandemic, according to official figures. The Office for National Statistics (ONS) said the number of payrolled workers rose by 68,000 (0.2 per cent) between January and February. The Office for National Statistics said 68,000 more people were on the payrolls in February Overall there were 693,000 fewer workers on payrolls than in February 2020, with more than half - 368,000 jobs - lost in the hospitality sector as lockdowns and restrictions hammered the industry. The ONS added that 123,000 payroll jobs were also lost in the hard-hit retail sector. The latest figures show the rate of unemployment stood at 5 per cent between November and January, compared with 5.1 per cent in the previous three months. Sam Beckett, ONS head of economic statistics, said: 'After yet another monthly increase, there were almost 200,000 more employees on payroll in February than three months earlier, although that is still nearly 700,000 down from the start of the pandemic. 'Of the decrease since then, almost two-thirds has been among the under-25s, over half has been in hospitality and almost a third has been in London.' Asked why bus numbers are rising more quickly than rail, Mr Brown said: 'Well for starters, 60 per cent of all public transport is by bus, which is little known. There is a large amount of emphasis given to rail, but actually bus is the workhorse of the nation, it takes people to all their local employments, to schools, to the shops etc.  'And it's getting people to do their everyday jobs, and that's one of the reasons why the bus is more likely to recover from the pandemic than the trains. Trains are far more about community, buses is the glue that holds communities together. And people are coming back to bus. They will be doing it differently though.  'We're not expecting all the same travel patterns to repeat themselves. We expect different people to be doing different journeys and different times, and we're ready for them.' Some 65 bus workers have died in London as of March 15, with 51 of these being drivers. Mr Brown confirmed some of his staff have also died, without giving figures. He added: 'We have worked tirelessly within the industry, with government to try to do all the right things in every single way. So we have all one-way working in terms of depots.  'Part of the issue is about when our drivers sign on that they sign on safely, part of the issue is making sure that we've cleaned the cabs for themselves and we've made the airflows better within the cabs.  'It's also about customers, so we have hand gel on the buses, we clean every bus with the most technically advanced equipment that we possibly can.  'We've done swab tests on all the buses, we've never found anything on any of those buses or any of our trains, so we believe we're absolutely safe and ready for people to travel back with us.' Mr Brown was also asked on Radio 4 whether government messaging around rail travel had stopped people going back on trains – even though companies have found little evidence of Covid-19 on their services. 'So we've given people knowledge about buses, there's a when to travel on our North East app, which will tell people how busy those buses will be, we've had the same sort of apps for our train services where also people can predict and plan their journeys, so they can think about how busy the journeys are.  'When what we really want is just consistent messaging, consistent messaging not just for us but for all businesses going forward. So that we're consistent with other parts of the economy, we're all doing the same things at the same time.   Commuters look at their phones while travelling on board a Jubilee line service on the London Underground this morning Passengers wait for a London Overground train at Canada Water station in East London this morning  Passengers commute on board a Jubilee line train this morning as Londoners continue to travel to work Passengers wait to board a London Overground train as they commute to work from Canning Town station this morning Passengers wait for the doors to close on board a Jubilee line service at Canada Water station in East London this morning   A London bus passes Bank station in the City earlier this month as bus travel recovers faster than rail in Britain People wait to board a bus in Cardiff last July. Bus travel is returning to pre-pandemic levels much faster than rail in Britain Prime Minister Boris Johnson with National Express employee Agata Litwinowicz-Soltysiak at a depot in Coventry on March 15 'If it's about social distancing, everybody needs to be doing the same things. I need to add one more thing really about buses and trains. Cities function through good public transport and public transport needs good city centres functioning - it's a symbiotic relationship.  Funding to help replace 215 diesel buses with low-emission, electric models has been awarded by the Scottish government. Bus companies across Scotland have been given a share of £40.5million to help update their fleets with electric vehicles through the Scottish Ultra-Low Emission Bus Scheme. The first round of the scheme contributed to the purchase of 57 low-emission buses with £10.1 million and infrastructure for the technology. This latest round of funding, which covers up to 75 per cent of the extra cost of electric vehicles compared to diesel versions and 75 per cent of the infrastructure, is estimated to lead to 215 replacement vehicles, with the majority being built in Falkirk. 'So if you want the health of the city centre to recover, you need public transport to recover at exactly the same time, and that is really, really important. And it is very difficult to social distance on buses and trains, so that's why we spend so much time and effort making sure our buses and trains are clean and safe.' It comes after Office for National Statistics revealed that 53 per cent of workers travelled into work in the week ending March 14 - with the increase in commuting coinciding with schools re-opening in England on March 8.  And a survey for the Direct Line insurance company found last week that millions of Britons were missing the office, watercooler gossip and even the daily commute. It found widespread yearning for a return to the routines that were abandoned with the beginning of lockdown a year ago, and a sense of loss since office workers were sent home. The poll also found that 20 per cent of people miss the office and 14 per cent wish to go back to rush hour travel.  Meanwhile a YouGov survey found almost a third of people working from home during the coronavirus pandemic wore pyjamas during virtual meetings, while one in ten did not even put on a pair of trousers. Findings suggest that around 42 per cent of home workers have experienced 'Zoom fatigue' since the pandemic began, though only 14 per cent say they want to return to the office full-time when it is safe. One in five say they never want to go back. The research was commissioned by transcription app Otter.ai. Of the 2,027 remote workers surveyed - which includes 1,012 from the UK - almost half (45 per cent) would prefer a balance, going into the office between one and three days per week. The number one reason given for continuing to work from home at least part-time was avoiding the commute (51 per cent), followed by gaining flexible hours (34 per cent).   Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",1788,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886184496,2021-03-23 06:00:44,"Not far from the parties in Miami Beach, a different scene unfolds: Staying up all night to feed the hungry",https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/2021/03/23/little-haiti-miami-custodian-meal/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_national,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"State of emergency in Miami Beach extended to April 11 as spring breakers overwhelm the city “People ask me, ‘Why don’t you go home and rest? Why don’t you sleep?’ ” Moreau said. “But I don’t need a lot of sleep. I would rather be here making food for the people. I ask every day for more strength to keep doing what I’m doing.” She first volunteered to buy groceries with church donations and prepare a feast once a week, she said, when her pastor, Reginald Jean-Marie, mentioned that he was concerned about hunger in the community. “I told him, ‘Don’t worry, I can do this — I have the time,’ ” Moreau said. “When people are hungry, it is our responsibility to help. I know how hard it can be out there.” Moreau grew up with nine siblings in Haiti and often took food from her family’s pantry to give to those who had less than her family did, she said. In 1980, she immigrated to the United States at age 19 and lived with her brother in Miami until she fell in love and started a family of her own. When the relationship didn’t work out and she became a single mother, Moreau said, she took two hotel jobs to pay the bills and keep her four kids fed. “Sometimes I had to leave them home alone and put my 13-year-old son in charge,” she recalled. “It was very hard, but we got through. To give my thanks to God for watching out for us, I am happy now to give back.” For her first batch of meals last spring, Moreau made several enormous pots of rice and beans seasoned with her special blend of green and red peppers, onions, cilantro, bay leaves and garlic. A Baltimore restaurant owner drove 6 hours to cook a favorite meal for a terminally ill customer She has never used a recipe, relying instead on instinct and what she remembers from watching her aunt and sister cook in Haiti, she said. “Who has time to measure? I just chop everything up and toss it in,” she said. “If you stop to measure, it looks like you are green at what you do.” Not too much spice and not too much grease is Moreau’s only rule. “If you add too much of anything, some people might not like it,” she said. “I want every single person to enjoy what I cook for them.” Although rice and beans are a mainstay, Moreau’s fried chicken, roast turkey, baked fish and fried plantains are also popular with the 1,000 to 1,500 people she feeds each week. The meals are loaded into two delivery trucks and distributed on Saturday afternoons by volunteers who cruise slowly through the neighborhood in Little Haiti and hand them out to people as they come out of their apartments. “Sometimes I go with them to deliver the meals, and it’s rewarding when you see how it helps,” Moreau said. “For some people, this might be the only meal they get for a while.” Many of the people she feeds are Haitian immigrants, but it doesn’t matter where they come from, she said. “American, Spanish, Haitian — I don’t want anyone to go hungry,” Moreau said. “People are suffering during the pandemic. There’s no work, the rent is high, they might not have money to go to the store.” “This is just one meal,” she said. “But it’s something I can do.” Jean-Marie, the pastor, urges Moreau to occasionally take off her apron and rest. “I ask myself all the time how she does it,” he said. “Not once do I ever hear her complain. We have to beg Doramise to take a rest, but she keeps showing up, day after day. She gives everything she has.” Moreau leaves pots of hot tea out every day at the church for the staff and police officers in the neighborhood who stop by, Jean-Marie said. “She cooks for them sometimes, too,” he said. “She truly wants to take care of everyone.” “Such a wonderful surprise — I usually took the bus before, so I am very thankful,” Moreau said. She will still need to use the church truck, though, to load up all of those turkey legs and plantains. “To get all of that in my car? Impossible,” she said. “Whenever I go shopping and people see all that I buy, they ask me, ‘Do you own a restaurant?’ ” Not a restaurant, she said. But a community kitchen a short drive from the glitz and spotlight of Miami Beach, though seemingly a world away. “It’s one where everyone is welcome,” Moreau said. “Everyone. No exceptions.” Read more: Young man with autism pens viral employment letter: ‘take a chance on me’ This teen makes tiny bow ties for shelter dogs to help them look spiffy and get adopted Yo-Yo Ma played a surprise concert for a clinic during his post-vaccination waiting period The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",844,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886184910,2021-03-23 06:07:11,Preview: ALMA,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/preview-alma-1/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886184875,2021-03-23 06:12:26,"Foreign holidays could trigger ANOTHER UK-wide lockdown, experts warn",https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392351/Foreign-holidays-trigger-UK-wide-lockdown-experts-warn.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 2.5k Britain will 'definitely' have another surge of Covid after lockdown ends, Chris Whitty warned today as Downing Street insisted the UK's roadmap is still 'on course'. Professor Whitty, England's chief medical officer, claimed at a conference today that there will be 'bumps along the road' as the UK lifts social distancing rules and slowly returns to normality in the coming months.  His comments echoed that of fellow SAGE experts, who say a third coronavirus wave is inevitable and that allowing holidays to Europe this summer could lead to another lockdown. Infections are surging in Europe now, which Boris Johnson said has always led to an increase in Britain, too, and vaccine shortages will hit the UK in April.  But despite this, no changes have been made to No10's lockdown-easing plans that could see social distancing laws lifted once and for all on June 21. Mr Johnson has said Britain will have to accept the risk of a huge spike in infections, and likely hospital admissions and deaths, whenever the lockdown is lifted – but the only other option was to live with lockdown rules indefinitely. Vaccines should soften the blow of the next major surge but other countries haven't made as much progress, with the EU's roll-out described as shambolic.  'Professor Lockdown' Neil Ferguson today urged Brits to stick to staycations and not go abroad until every adult has had a vaccine, calling for borders to stay shut over summer to keep out troublesome Covid variants. Britons won't be allowed to go on holiday until May 17, at the earliest. One of Professor Ferguson's SAGE colleagues, Professor Kamlesh Khunti, gave the same warning earlier in the day and said allowing people to travel abroad could lead to yet another total lockdown in the UK if the virus spread out of control again. Summer holiday hopes were dealt another blow today as British Airways and easyJet cancelled more flights planned as far ahead as August. Downing St also announced it will fine people £5,000 for going on holiday when it isn't allowed.  Prime Minister Boris Johnson – pictured observing a minute's silence today to mark a year since the first lockdown began – insists the third wave of Covid in Europe has not yet affected the UK's roadmap out of lockdown Professor Chris Whitty and Professor Neil Ferguson have both warned that coronavirus cases will surge in the UK later this year Coronavirus cases are surging again in some parts of Europe, which could make ministers hesitant to reopen Britain's borders this summer Germany is one of several European countries facing tough new lockdown measures as cases spike amid a stalled vaccine roll-out that has left people unprotected Britain today recorded a slight uptick in both coronavirus cases and deaths — despite scientists hailing separate data that suggested the second wave may be over.  Department of Health bosses posted 5,379 infections, which is up 1.6 per cent from last Tuesday. But cases have yet to take off amid a huge testing boost and warnings they would shoot up when schools reopened in England on March 8.  Another 112 victims were also added to the official toll, a week on-week rise of 1.8 per cent. Day-to-day figures fluctuate, however, and the overall trend is still heading downward thanks to tough lockdown restrictions and the UK's successful vaccine roll-out, which has now seen 28.3million Britons jabbed.  Separate data from the Office for National Statistics today showed England and Wales suffered no excess deaths for the first time since August last week, after they dipped 4.4 per cent below the five-year average. Deaths were also below the levels expected in all regions except the East Midlands. Professor Neil Ferguson — the Government adviser whose grim modelling spooked ministers into the first lockdown a year ago today — said the data showed 'the second devastating wave of the pandemic is behind us'. Speaking in a public health conference with local government officials, Professor Whitty said: 'There will definitely be another surge at some point whether it's before winter or next winter, we don't know. 'Variants are going to cause problems, there will be stockouts of vaccines and no doubt there will be multiple problems at a national level but also at a local level – school outbreaks, prison outbreaks, all those things that people are dealing with on a day-to-day basis.' His comments come on the one-year anniversary of life under lockdown in Britain and as the country is looking ahead to coming out of lockdown for good.  Scientists are cagey about the move, however, and say a third wave of infections is on its way.  Although thought to be worse over the winter, the virus can also spread during the summer months. South Africa, for example, endured its second wave at its hottest time of year. Professor Khunti, from the University of Leicester, urged Britons not to book holidays abroad 'until next year' because of the spiralling third wave in Europe. Speaking about the early days of the Covid pandemic. he told The Guardian: 'We had people coming in from Spain and Italy and that increased the rates in the UK ... We cannot allow that now. Does this risk another lockdown? Absolutely.' 'It's been a hard lockdown, we are doing so well, we cannot jeopardise this now.  'Our rates are coming down, our vaccination rate is fantastic, and the biggest fear we have is new variants that the vaccines don't work as well against.' And fellow SAGE member Professor Calum Semple said Britain could expect a third wave in July or August, even if it doesn't loosen international travel rules.           'At this point, Britain has got its act together,' Professor Semple said on Sky News today. 'The concern is, as this third wave is going on elsewhere, that will generate new variations. 'Even within Britain there is a likelihood of a third wave in potentially July and August time when we do unlock society.' He added that a third wave — which is 'inevitable' when restrictions are relaxed — would likely initially hit young people who are 'less susceptible to very severe disease'.     Travellers face a £5,000 fine for going abroad on holiday when a ban on leaving the UK without 'reasonable excuse' comes into force on Monday. The threat of fines has been extended until the end of June, making foreign summer holidays look increasingly unlikely as a third wave of coronavirus sweeps across Europe. And France is likely to be added to a 'red list' of countries requiring hotel quarantine by the end of the week. Health officials are increasingly concerned by a surge in cases of the South African Covid variant across the Channel. A senior minister even suggested the whole of the Continent could be put on the red list because of the botched vaccine rollout. Quarantine-free holidays may not be possible until August, killing off hopes of trips abroad until late summer.  Transport Secretary Grant Shapps is leading a taskforce that will report by April 12 on how and when the ban on non-essential travel can be lifted. It can be no sooner than May 17 under Mr Johnson's official roadmap. That might mean the need to quarantine after foreign trips would stay in place until at least August. Despite these fears, Downing Street insists that the roadmap out of lockdown will remain unchanged for now. The Prime Minister has warned he will slam the brakes onto his roadmap should cases rise in a way that could spark more hospitalisations and deaths from Covid. Mr Johnson has also not ruled out imposing tighter curbs on local areas to contain the spread of the disease. Mr Johnson said he expects the UK to feel the impact of the Europe resurgence 'in due course' but his spokesperson today said a third wave was always expected. The PM has acknowledged in the past that lifting lockdown will cause a spike in infections, hospital admissions and deaths, but this will be the price the country pays for getting life back to normal – and vaccines will soften the blow.   'Obviously this time we have as a defence – our very extensive vaccination programme,' the spokesman told a Westminster briefing. 'We remain on course for the individual steps in the road map. That hasn’t changed.' Even if the UK's roadmap doesn't change foreign travel may still be off the cards if other countries – where vaccinations are lagging – can't control the virus.  Professor Ferguson agreed with the staycation stance. He said on BBC Radio 4: 'We've done very well in rolling out vaccine so far, so we're in a different position from Europe. 'In some sense what they're seeing now is what we saw back last November-December with the so-called B117 or Kent variant. 'I should say we also have some of the South African variant here already and other variants which may be similar, which we're watching very carefully, so that is overall the major concern going forward and why we need to be vigilant, not just looking at Europe, and what's happening within our borders as well.' He added: 'I certainly am in favour of relaxing border measures at a slower rate than we relax controls within the country, and doing all we can to reduce the risk of importation of variants which might undermine our vaccination programme.'  Professor Kamlesh Khunti, from SAGE, urged Britons not to book holidays abroad 'until next year', saying they risked importing dangerous variants. Professor Calum Semple, also on SAGE, said the continent's rising cases amid low vaccination rates was the 'perfect breeding ground' for new troublesome variants Multiple variants that emerged in other countries are now circulating in the UK, with those from South Africa and Brazil most concerning to scientists and ministers Hopes for foreign holidays this summer have been dealt a fresh blow after British Airways and easyJet scrapped more flights. Passengers were left dismayed by the latest round of cancellations that include trips in July and August - after overseas travel is scheduled to resume on May 17. British Airways insists the cancellations were not due to the evolving situation with the pandemic but a routine scale-back of flights to reflect the view of IATA, the airline trade body, that foreign travel will not resume to pre-pandemic levels by 2023. The pared-back routes include fewer flights to Italy, the Netherlands, Germany and Sweden. Sources played down the flight cuts as 'business as usual' - and suggested more could be added in the future if there is scope. Yet would-be holidaymakers were exasperated that flights they had booked for after lockdown were being axed. Asked what he wanted to see, he said 'vaccinating everybody under 50, which will be late summer, and having vaccines in our stockpile which we know work very effectively against those variants. 'Conservatively and being risk averse at the moment, I think we should be planning on summer holidays in the UK, not overseas.'   Professor Ferguson also wrote in The Telegraph: 'I am hopeful this third lockdown will really be the last.'    Government scientists have suggested a 'traffic light system' could be deployed to allow holidays this summer, with trips only permitted to countries with low infection rates, no variant risk, and high vaccine uptake.  The threat of new variants of the virus is one of the biggest concerns scientists have about international travel, as well as the risk of importing large numbers of cases. Britain has already launched extra testing in dozens of postcodes to stamp out cases of the South African and Brazilian variants, which could make jabs less effective.  It comes as Health Secretary Matt Hancock today said the UK must be 'permanently ready' for all future pandemics. Speaking to Sky News he said: 'We need to be permanently in future, permanently to be ready for another pandemic. 'That is a fact of life and it is something that we need to be prepared for and we need to make sure that all of the ""learnings"" and all of the scientific improvements are understood and that we are properly ready. 'We get people saying can you go faster, can't you open up international travel quicker, and also some people saying can't you go slower. 'But I think the general population think that it's about the right pace, and the best science thinks this is about the right pace.'  He added: 'The questions of whether people are going to be able to travel abroad this summer are going to be addressed by the global travel taskforce, which is reporting around the 12th of April, so the middle of next month. 'The roadmap sets out that the earliest date by which we will allow for international travel without one of the reasons you need now is the 17th of May – that has not changed... 'It is too early to know where the global travel taskforce will come out, and know what the decision will be for the 17th of May, and the reason for that is that we are seeing this third wave rising in some parts of Europe. 'We're also seeing new variants and it is very important that we protect the progress that we've been able to make here in the UK, where we have now one of the lowest rates.' Mr Hancock continued: 'What we have to do is to all work as much as we can together, but it also shows why we're being cautious on international travel – because we've seen those waves come before; we saw the first and then the second and they both ended up here.'   The law says no-one may 'leave England to travel to a destination outside the United Kingdom, or travel to, or be present at, an embarkation point for the purpose of travelling from there to a destination outside the United Kingdom' without a reasonable excuse Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",2331,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886184909,2021-03-23 06:08:11,Preview: Nile Crocodile,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/preview-nile-crocodile-1/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886184874,2021-03-23 06:12:51,US chicken chain Popeyes to launch first UK restaurants,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391285/US-chicken-chain-Popeyes-launch-UK-restaurants.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 282 US fried chicken chain Popeyes will launch its first restaurant in Britain by the end of this year as it pushes ahead with an expansion plan to open hundreds of UK sites. The Miami-based outlet said it has a goal of opening 350 UK restaurants over the next ten years, after rapid growth in continental Europe in recent years. The KFC competitor, which was founded in New Orleans in 1972 and now runs 3,400 restaurants globally, has rolled out in Spain and Switzerland over the past two years. Bosses said they now see the UK – where indoor hospitality is set to reopen from the third coronavirus lockdown on May 17 - as their 'next big opportunity' for growth. The first outlet is expected to be opened in London, but exact locations have not yet been confirmed while chiefs continue searching for sites and landlords.  US fried chicken chain Popeyes will launch its first restaurant in Britain by the end of this year, it announced today. One of the firm's restaurant is pictured in Westminster, Colorado, in 2017 A chicken sandwich is seen at a Popeyes branch as customers wait in Kyle, Texas, in 2019. The KFC competitor was founded in New Orleans in 1972 and now runs 3,400 restaurants globally A Popeyes fast food chain restaurant is seen on a street of Washington DC in August 2019 Elias Diaz Sese, co-founder of Popeyes UK, said he expects the brand to be popular with customers and believes their expansion plan can create hundreds of new jobs. 'The UK is such an exciting market and we think the authenticity of our brand and product is something customers here want to see. Elias Diaz Sese, co-founder of Popeyes UK, is a non-executive director at Dominos Pizza UK 'We think we will really benefit the communities we move in to. 'It's difficult to say exactly what the scale will be right now, but we are looking to create hundreds of jobs in the restaurants and in the supply chain.' Popeyes will launch in the UK as part of an agreement between Restaurant Brands International, Ring International Holdings and hospitality veteran Mr Sese. Mr Sese, who is a non-executive director at Dominos Pizza UK, said it is in talks over its first restaurant locations. He added: 'We can't confirm anything yet, but we are most probably looking at opening a flagship site in London. 'There are great locations for opening across the country and we are looking at our options right now. Menu: Popeyes serves meals including a chicken sandwich and a cajun flounder sandwich 'We are definitely looking at both busy city centre locations and neighbourhood high streets.' The first branch of Popeyes was opened in the New Orleans suburb of Arabi in 1972 by Alvin C. Copeland Sr, who named it after Popeye Doyle from the film The French Connection. It has since expanded to run 3,400 restaurants globally, with recent new markets including Spain, Switzerland, China, the Philippines and Sri Lanka. The chicken sandwich is its most well-known product, while it also serves a cajun flounder sandwich and shrimp. Side options include red beans and rice, mashed potatoes with gravy and Southern biscuits - while cinnamon apple pie is available for dessert. Popeyes generated $556million in sales last year for its Toronto-based owner Restaurant Brands International. The announcement comes as UK restaurants remain closed to dine-in customers due to lockdown, with sites able to open outdoors from April 12 at the earliest. Popeyes said it plans to use a raft of channels including delivery and takeaway when it launches in Britain. The announcement prompted a series of tweets from social media users, with one saying: 'Popeyes is heading to the UK... what should I try first?' Another added: 'I had Popeyes when I went to the US as a teen, and I still remember the chicken being delicious and getting a mini tabasco hot sauce bottle with my meal. I hope they make the UK menu as similar to the US menu as possible.' And a third tweeted: 'I wonder whether Popeyes will do cultural adjustments for Britain. Perhaps 'Chicken and Scones' in England, and 'Chicken and Pieces' in Scotland?' David Shear, president of Restaurant Brands International, said: 'Our UK launch will build on other successful international expansions in Spain, Switzerland, China, the Philippines and most recently in Sri Lanka.  'We are confident that our UK guests will love their fried chicken from Popeyes and we look forward to offering an alternative product in a major international market that we believe is ripe for disruption.' Popeyes is the latest in a number of international fast food chains to reveal plans to grow in the UK. The announcement comes weeks after Philippines-based chicken chain Jollibee revealed its growth strategy, while US burger chain Wendy's has also said it is eying a raft of further UK openings. Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",833,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886184906,2021-03-23 06:09:10,Preview: Help Wanted,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/preview-help-wanted-1/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886184873,2021-03-23 06:14:22,Summer holidays at risk: BA axes flights amid fears ALL of Europe could be added to 'red list',https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392399/Summer-holidays-risk-BA-axes-flights-amid-fears-Europe-added-red-list.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 3.2k Would-be passengers were left dismayed by the latest round of cancellations - that included trips booked for after May 17, when breaks abroad were scheduled to resume. Some have even had flights for September axed. Bradley Crouch, 33, bought flights to Mykonos on May 23 for a post-pandemic getaway with his extended family, confident it would go ahead after of Boris Johnson announced the roadmap to exit lockdown.  'It's that needed trip we've all been waiting for for so long,' the gutted business owner from Kent told MailOnline after easyJet cancelled his flights last week. Europe is grappling with a surge in Covid cases and yesterday health minister Lord Bethell warned the entire Continent could be put on the travel 'red list' of countries requiring arrivals to undergo hotel quarantine.  Matt Hancock this morning slapped down his junior minister, insisting the Government has 'no plans' for such drastic action at this stage.  But to better insulate Britain from the European third wave, ministers announced that from Monday rule-breakers in England travelling overseas illegally will face a £5,000 fine. Critics railed against the 'draconian measure' and argued it would inflict further pain on the hard-hit travel sector. The Health Secretary suggested the tough rules could be eased on May 17 - but cautioned it was still too early to give summer holidays the green light.  Holidays this summer were plunged into doubt as:  Bradley Crouch on a family holiday to Tenerife in 2018 with his wife Katerina and daughter Iliana. His trip to Mykonos in May has been cancelled Would-be passengers were left dismayed by the latest round of cancellations - that included trips booked for after May 17, when breaks abroad were scheduled to resume. Some have even had flights for September axed British Airways insists its cancellations were not due to the evolving situation on the Continent but a routine review of flights to reflect the view of IATA, the airline trade body, that foreign travel will not resume to pre-pandemic levels by 2023. The pared-back routes include fewer flights to Italy, the Netherlands, Germany and Sweden, and extend as far into the future as August.  Sources played down the flight cuts as 'business as usual' - and suggested more could be added in the future if there is scope.  Yet would-be holidaymakers were exasperated that flights they had booked for after lockdown were being axed. One said: 'I'm getting welcome back emails so booked flights in good faith having had my first vaccine dose. 'Yesterday two were cancelled for mid July. Today, another cancelled for mid August. This is absolutely ridiculous, you either want passengers back or you don't!'  Nick Murrell tweeted: 'Book with confidence you tell us British Airways. Budapest and Milan flights in September cancelled in 24 hours. What's the point in booking with you?'    British Airways said: 'We are sorry that, like other airlines, due to the current coronavirus pandemic and global travel restrictions we are operating a reduced and dynamic schedule.'  EasyJet also stressed they have not cancelled flights for fear of a European third wave but that the flight schedule is reviewed 'on an ongoing basis to align our flying programme with customer demand and government travel restrictions'.  Under Mr Johnson's roadmap to exit lockdown, foreign holidays were pencilled to return for May 17, but this now looks to be in doubt because of the spiralling outbreak on the Continent.  Multiple European countries are tightening restrictions, and Germany has announced an 'emergency brake' lockdown to tackle the rise in cases.  Just over 10 per cent of adults have received their first vaccine dose across the EU, compared to the UK's figure exceeding 53 per cent.  Foreign holidays have been dealt a fresh blow after British Airways scrapped yet more summer flights Damon Arnette threatens to kill someone while brandishing gun Howard Stern rips Aaron Rodgers over misleading vaccination comments Hunter seen shockingly kicking horse during Hertfordshire hunt Surveillance footage of two gunmen before killing at Mexico hotel Not guilty verdict after two pit bulls mauled elderly woman to death Owner screams of fright as dog throws squirrel at her Cliff rocks crash down from 120ft-high Dorset coastline Little House on the Prarie star talks upcoming book about the show Travis Scott tells crowd to 'f**k up' fan who 'tried to steal shoe' Two-toed baby sloth surprises zookeepers with speedy birth Driver rescues kitten stuck in car engine during commute to work Miya Ponsetto AKA Soho Karen appears in court charged with hate crime Health Secretary Matt Hancock said the £5,000 fine will be reviewed on May 17 The £5,000 fine, set out in legislation laid in the Commons yesterday, is on top of the previously announced £200 fine for not filling out a travel declaration form on reasons for leaving the country.  Exemptions also apply including:  To strengthen control at the borders, ministers will introduce a £5,000 fine for anyone who travels abroad without a reasonable excuse, such as essential work. Mr Hancock said this will be reviewed on May 17, but European holidays were plunged into doubt yesterday when his junior minister, Lord Bethell, suggested the entire Continent could be placed on the red list.  Lord Bethell told peers: 'The possibility is that we will have to red-list all of our European neighbours. But that would be done with huge regret because we are a trading nation.' Thirty-five countries are on the red list, including the whole of South America, southern Africa, the United Arab Emirates and Qatar. Portugal was on the list but was removed last week.   Mr Hancock today said 'we don't have any plans to do that' but said it's too early to tell if summer holidays will get the green light.  He told BBC Breakfast: 'I entirely understand people's yearning to get away and have a summer holiday, and we're looking at that question right now as part of the global travel taskforce, which will report in the middle of next month. 'The earliest that will take any steps will be May 17 but, obviously, we're taking a cautious approach because we want any openings that we make to be irreversible.' He said a traffic light system for travel with red and amber lights is in place at the moment but more details on the way forward would be published around April 12. 'Until then, I'm afraid, as people have got used to over the last year, frankly it is wait and see. 'Because we'll only make steps that we think are safe but, on the other hand, we do understand, of course I understand, how people want to be able to get away in the summer, especially after the last year that we've all had.'  Professor Neil Ferguson, whose modelling promoted the first national lockdown a year ago today, urged Britons to book holidays in the UK. He told BBC Radio 4's World at One: 'I certainly am in favour of relaxing border measures at a slower rate than we relax controls within the country and doing all we can to reduce the risk of importation of variants, which might undermine our vaccination programme. 'I think we should be planning on summer holidays in the UK, not overseas.' The £5,000 fine sent travel stocks - including easyJet , British Airway-owner IAG, Jet2 and TUI - down 2-4 per cent in early trade on Tuesday. Britain's travel sector has lost more than 45,000 jobs and passenger numbers at the biggest airport, Heathrow, have fallen to their lowest since 1966 during the crisis.  Sir Graham Brady, chairman of the 1922 Committee of Tory MPs, said extending travel restrictions will be 'devastating' for millions of people working in tourism.  Paul Charles, boss of the PC travel agency, said: 'It's a draconian measure that tightens the problems in the travel sector and actually puts of people from even making inquiries, let alone booking. 'I think it's a smokescreen for the lack of inbound testing policy in this country. Here we are a year after lockdown began and there is still no major testing system in place.' The fine will be introduced when MPs vote to renew the emergency coronavirus legislation that expires this month. Despite hawkish Tory MPs threatening to rebel, the vote is widely expected to pass with the backing of Labour.   The Government's gradual easing of lockdown will be done in four stages - March 29, April 12, May 17 and June 21, if the data allows. Yesterday the Prime Minister said that Britain will inevitably feel the bleak situation on the Continent, saying their Covid woes will 'wash up on our shores'.  By Chris Pleasance for MailOnline and AFP Germany is going back into lockdown over Easter with Angela Merkel warning 'we are in a new pandemic' as mutant Covid strains cause cases to spike, with France seeing infections double in a week.  Europe's coronavirus third wave, which has been gathering pace for weeks now, has reached crisis point over the last few days with leaders across the continent forced to reimpose strict measures to keep cases down. Mrs Merkel announced last night that all non-essential shops in Germany will be closed over the Easter period with church services moved online and public gatherings banned as infections rise 'exponentially'. Meanwhile the head of France's hospital federation warned that case figures are 'exploding' in his country and the health system is heading for an 'unprecedented violent shock' in about three weeks unless strong action is taken. Frederic Valletoux spoke out after Prime Minister Jean Castex imposed tough measures on 16 French regions including the cities of Paris, Lille and Nice last week - measures which experts say do not go far enough.  In Spain, experts have begun warning of a fourth wave of Covid after deaths from the virus rose to 633 on Monday compared to 298 a week ago. The country is currently under a nationwide curfew and while exact measures vary from region to region, most have imposed curbs on movement, gatherings, and closed some businesses. Covid cases and deaths also remain high in Italy where new lockdown measures were imposed across much of the country last week, although infection data has begun trending downwards since then. Mrs Merkel last night pointed to the so-called Kent variant of coronavirus as being responsible, saying: 'Essentially, we have a new virus... it is much deadlier, much more infectious and infectious for much longer.' But Europe has also been blighted by a painfully-slow vaccine roll out that has seen just nine per cent of its population given at least one dose of vaccine, leaving the remaining 91 per cent vulnerable to infection.  Meanwhile the UK, which has given first doses to 40 per cent of its total population and more than half of adults, has seen virus deaths tumble to a five-month low and is in the process of easing lockdown.  European leaders are being forced to impose tough new lockdown measures to curb a rise in Covid infections driven by new and more-infectious variants of the virus, with Germany the latest to slam on the brakes  Angela Merkel last night ordered all shops across Germany to close over Easter with church services moved online to combat an 'exponential' rise in cases that is threatening to overwhelm health systems  Meanwhile French health experts have warned that lockdown measures imposed on 16 regions last week will not be enough to curb the country's third wave of infections, after cases doubled in a week Mrs Merkel (pictured centre with Bavarian State Premier Markus Soeder and Berlin Mayor Michael Mueller) said the new infections are being driven by the so-called Kent variant of Covid which is both more infectious and more deadly The new nationwide measures will come into force on April 1 - just weeks after some restrictions were eased - and end on April 5.  She added that Germany's current lockdown measures - including closures of restaurants, bars, cultural venues and leisure facilities - will be extended until at least April 18, having been due to expire on March 28.  Mrs Merkel pointed to an 'exponential' rise in Covid cases in Germany as the reason for the decision, and said it was caused by the more-infectious Kent strain of coronavirus which is now dominant in the country.  In France, virus expert and government adviser Arnaud Fontanet told BFM TV on Tuesday that more restrictions might also be necessary in his country if measures now in place fail to slow down the spread of the virus.  Official data on Monday showed that the tally of new COVID-19 cases in France had accelerated, with the number of people in intensive care at a new four-month high. France reported 15,792 new coronavirus cases on Monday, more than double the 6,471 reported last Monday and the highest number on a Monday since the peak of the second wave in early November. The country also registered 343 new deaths, pushing the official tally of fatalities to 92,621 - the eighth highest COVID-19 death toll in the world. Other European countries forced to tighten restrictions include Poland, Hungary, Bulgaria, Bosnia and Ukraine, where shops have been closed and people told to work from home if possible. The moves represent a hammer-blow to Europe's leadership which this time last year was being praised the world over for rapidly imposing strict lockdowns which initially kept virus cases and deaths down. But since unlocking during the summer last year the continent has stumbled from crisis to crisis, and now has one of the highest infection and death rates of any global region. Perhaps the most embarrassing episode has come in recent weeks as Europe's vaccine roll-out - masterminded by the EU - rapidly descended into chaos with supply delays and red tape slowing down supplies.  The EU has threatened to block millions of doses of AstraZeneca's Covid vaccine from coming to the UK after Britain streaked ahead in the race to inoculate its population An extraordinary row with drug-maker AstraZeneca, one of just two Western vaccine producers currently manufacturing jabs at scale, further hurt the roll-out and led last week to a host of countries temporarily suspending use of the jab over fears it causes blood clots. The ban was eventually lifted after Europe's own medical regulators, the EU itself, the World Health Organization and AstraZeneca provided data showing the jab is safe - but only after undermining public confidence in the jab. A survey released on Monday revealed that a majority of people in Germany, Spain and France now believe the injection is 'unsafe' while a growing percentage of Italians think the same. As a result people are now refusing to get the shot, with at least 7.2million doses of AstraZeneca sitting un-used in warehouses across Europe. Despite that, the EU is also threatening to block exports of the vaccine to the UK until it gets its fair share of doses, with a vote due on Thursday. France and Germany are thought to be strongly in favour of the move.  The tougher curbs were announced by Mrs Merkel in the early hours of Tuesday after a near 12-hour negotiating session with the leaders of Germany's 16 regions. The country's political system means it is these leaders who are ultimately responsible for imposing or lifting lockdowns.  Negotiations were gridlocked for several hours over the thorny issue of whether to allow domestic holidays to take place over the Easter school holidays. Some regional leaders had argued it made little sense to allow people to fly out to the Spanish island of Mallorca for their holidays while banning residents from taking overnight stays in their own state. But finally, the leaders agreed to 'appeal urgently to all citizens to refrain from non-essential travel within the country and also abroad - also with regard to the upcoming Easter holidays.' Berlin had also struck a deal with air carriers to ensure that all travellers returning to Germany would be tested, Merkel said. The chancellor added that Germany was 'in a race to vaccinate' as the country struggles to accelerate its inoculation campaign. Dogged by supply issues and mistrust over AstraZeneca's jab, Germany's vaccination campaign has been sluggish compared to the British or US programmes. On Tuesday, Merkel said she would support her former defence minister and current EU commission president Ursula von der Leyen's threat to block AstraZeneca vaccines produced in the bloc from being exported.  Damon Arnette threatens to kill someone while brandishing gun Howard Stern rips Aaron Rodgers over misleading vaccination comments Hunter seen shockingly kicking horse during Hertfordshire hunt Surveillance footage of two gunmen before killing at Mexico hotel Not guilty verdict after two pit bulls mauled elderly woman to death Owner screams of fright as dog throws squirrel at her Cliff rocks crash down from 120ft-high Dorset coastline Little House on the Prarie star talks upcoming book about the show Travis Scott tells crowd to 'f**k up' fan who 'tried to steal shoe' Two-toed baby sloth surprises zookeepers with speedy birth Driver rescues kitten stuck in car engine during commute to work Miya Ponsetto AKA Soho Karen appears in court charged with hate crime European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen has threatened to join forces with the French and German governments to hold hostage more than 19 million doses of the AstraZeneca vaccine due to be shipped to the UK over the coming weeks 'I support Commission President Ursula von der Leyen,' said Merkel. 'We have a problem with AstraZeneca,' she added. European officials are furious that AstraZeneca has been able to deliver its UK contract in full while falling short on its supplies to the EU. In her tough warning to the Anglo-Swedish pharmaceutical giant last Saturday, von der Leyen said: 'That's the message to AstraZeneca: you fulfil your contract with Europe first before you start delivering to other countries.'  Meanwhile ministers in the Netherlands and Belgium have also warned that measures may have to get stricter as cases spike.  Frank Vandenbroucke, the Belgian health minister, said on Monday that he is 'very worried' about the current situation in the country and warned that easing measures after Easter as currently forecast in now in doubt. At a meeting on Sunday, ministers agreed on additional measures to be imposed on schools if they are allowed to reopen in April as forecast. Another meeting has been scheduled for later this week, and Mr Vandenbroucke has refused to rule out imposing yet more measures. 'I am very worried. In the coming days we have to see what is happening and what we must do,' he said. Ministers in the Netherlands also met on Sunday to discuss a possible easing of lockdown measures, but concluded that 'pressure on the system is too high' to allow even a partial return to normalityReopening universities and outdoor dining, which had been due to kick in from March 31 will likely not take place, De Telegraaf reported. Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",3170,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886184872,2021-03-23 06:14:35,Jarryd Hayne appears at police station as part of bail condition a day after being found guilty,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392439/Jarryd-Hayne-appears-police-station-bail-condition-day-guilty.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 45 Jarryd Hayne was spotted on Tuesday night arriving at a police station as part of his bail in white shorts, a navy jacket and Birkenstock sandals Jarryd Hayne has reported for bail in Birkenstock sandals just minutes before the deadline a day after being found guilty of raping a woman in her own bedroom.   Judge Helen Syme granted the 33-year-old a $50,000 bail including the requirement to report to police daily, and a ban on leaving his local area on the Central Coast where he lives with his mum, except for specific reasons. Hayne was spotted on Tuesday night arriving at a police station in white shorts, a slobby navy hoodie jacket, and Birkenstock sandals. He appeared downcast upon arrival knowing he has just weeks left as a free man before being 'inevitably' jailed when he is sentenced on May 6. The jury that found Jarryd Hayne guilty of rape were shown pages of messages between him and his victim. The Instagram, text and Snapchat messages are contained in court documents and are at the centre of the case against the footballer, 33 - who is likely to be jailed when he returns to court to be sentenced in May. One batch of messages shows how Hayne and the victim, then 26, flirted for weeks on Instagram before he assaulted her at her home near Newcastle on September 30, 2018.  The former NRL player was on Monday found guilty of sexual assault of a then 26-year-old at her home near Newcastle on September 30, 2018 (pictured: arriving at police station) One of the messages at the centre of the trial was this exchange between the victim (in blue) and Hayne (grey) following the incident - where he only replied to say 'go doctor tomorrow' In the messages, Hayne asks the woman to send him selfies and quips 'how steamy' after she confesses to thinking about having sex with him.  But what seemed to have been the foundation for a consensual encounter took a turn when Hayne came to the woman's house on the outskirts of Newcastle and left his taxi running out the front.    In text to a loved one, the victim describes how she stopped wanting to have sex with him after learning about the cab waiting outside to take him back to Sydney. She recounts that she 'kept saying no' to the 'pushy' athlete and reveals she suffered injuries to her genitalia.  Further messages show the woman confronting Hayne afterwards, saying: 'I know I've talked about sex and stuff so much, but I didn't want to do that after knowing the taxi was waiting for you. 'I thought you would have at least stayed? I m hurting really badly. I told my Mum you got a nose bleed, but I'm sitting here in my room crying 'cause I feel weird'. Hayne replied: 'Go doctor tomorrow'.  Later, Snapchat messages between the pair feature the former rugby league star insisting that what had happened between the pair was consensual.   That was in line with the defence he used at trial - that he did not have penile-vaginal sexual intercourse with the woman - but what did occur was consensual.  That argument was repudiated by the jury of seven men and five women on Monday after three days of deliberations.  The jury found Hayne guilty of two charges of sexual intercourse without consent.  He was found not guilty of more serious alternative charges of aggravated sexual assault inflicting actual bodily harm, which would have carried a more severe penalty.  Hayne appears downcast after reporting to the police station as part of his bail conditions after being found guilty of sexual assault Hayne is required to report to the police for the next 44 days before his sentencing on May 6 The messages between Hayne and the woman appear to have begun on September 17, when the she messaged the athlete on Instagram: 'You are absolutely gorgeous'.    Hayne replied the next day: 'Price it' - sparking a discussion about how the woman wasn't actually an escort.  The flirty banter continued over the following days, Hayne suggesting that he would like to see at least five more photographs of her.    The small talk continued and they agreed the conversation would continue on Snapchat.   Hayne and his future victim's correspondence began with her messaging the footballer saying he was 'absolutely gorgeous'. The conversation then continued to how he was travelling in Dubai The flirtatious messages continued, with Hayne describing her sexual fantasy about him as 'very steamy'. Hayne then asked to see more photographs of the woman (on right)  Hayne is seen at the Police Station on Tuesday night as part of his bail conditions after being found guilty of sexual assault But the messages exchanged after Hayne attended the woman's house and assaulted her were of a different tone.  Texts tendered in court showed that the victim told a loved one shortly afterwards: 'Something just happened and I don't know what it was. 'Jarryd Hayne just came here ... He got the taxi to wait outside and I heard a beep and was like is that your taxi and he's like yeah.  'And I said why did you think you're going to just come here and have sex with me and he's like no I can stay for as long as I like'. The woman recounted that she said she was 'for sure' not going to sleep with him now.  The court heard the woman alleged that a 'pushy' Hayne then performed oral and digital sex on her - leaving her bleeding.  Further messages shown to the jury contain details of the injuries the woman allegedly suffered - which the Daily Mail has chosen not to publish.   Above is some of the initial exchange that the victim had with a loved one after Hayne left her home on the outskirts of Newcastle The woman recounted telling her mother - who was home at the time - that Hayne had suffered a nosebleed, to explain her bloodied bedding The woman's friend pointed out that by saying 'go doctor tomorrow', Hayne 'didn't even say sorry just got to a doctor'   Another message between the victim and her loved one. The woman said she felt 'weird' Damon Arnette threatens to kill someone while brandishing gun Howard Stern rips Aaron Rodgers over misleading vaccination comments Hunter seen shockingly kicking horse during Hertfordshire hunt Surveillance footage of two gunmen before killing at Mexico hotel Not guilty verdict after two pit bulls mauled elderly woman to death Owner screams of fright as dog throws squirrel at her Cliff rocks crash down from 120ft-high Dorset coastline Little House on the Prarie star talks upcoming book about the show Travis Scott tells crowd to 'f**k up' fan who 'tried to steal shoe' Two-toed baby sloth surprises zookeepers with speedy birth Driver rescues kitten stuck in car engine during commute to work Miya Ponsetto AKA Soho Karen appears in court charged with hate crime Some time after the incident, the woman and Hayne exchanged a series of messages over Snapchat.  The victim said she thought Hayne would have 'at least asked whether I'm ok or not by now' - to which he replied: 'you said you were ok last time we spoke?'  The victim said she didn't recall what she said but 'you knew I definitely wasn't ok from the damage that night and you just left me that way. 'It was pretty messed up and you should have just stopped when I said so.' Hayne responded by asking her 'wtf' she was on about, setting out his side of the story, and adding: 'Your starting to sound suss'.   The victim messaged Hayne this on Snapchat afterwards. Hayne replied to this message saying: 'You said you were ok last time we spoke?' The woman said that what happened was 'pretty messed up and you should have just stopped when I said so'  Hayne claimed he 'stopped starught away n made sure your were ok (sic)'. The victim replied to say that she had 'said no from the start, especially because you had the taxi waiting outside and you seemed blind drunk' The legal team of an American woman who accused Hayne of assault during his time at the NFL in 2015 have praised the Australian victim for coming forward.  'We applaud the jury's verdict and are inspired by the victim's courage to persevere through two separate trials,' high profile lawyer John Clune said, Daily Telegraph reported. A massive $100,000 settlement was reached by Mr Clune on behalf of the woman, who is only known as JV. The alleged victim, claims she was a virgin and heavily intoxicated when she met Hayne at a San Jose bar with friends.  Hayne has rejected her rape claim and said they 'willingly engaged in sexual interaction that did not include sexual intercourse'.  San Jose Police had investigated the alleged assault but did not press any charges against Hayne due to insufficient evidence. Hayne and his wife Amellia Bonnici - who watched the jury deliver its verdict in court on Monday Now, Hayne faces a reckoning with what happened that evening two-and-a-half years ago.  The NSW Police Force has hailed Hayne's victim for her 'courage, resilience and steely nature' throughout the court process.  A police investigation sparked two jury trials - one which failed to reach a verdict - and a further one in Sydney over the past fortnight.   Hayne faces up to 14 years' imprisonment when he is sentenced on May 6 in Newcastle.  He was granted bail, a relative paying a $50,000 surety, but will spend the next six weeks under virtual house arrest at home on the NSW Central Coast.   Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",1636,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886185674,2021-03-23 05:26:11,Hashtag unites Jews and Arabs,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/hashtag-unites-jews-and-arabs/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886187624,2021-03-23 06:00:00,Stock Market Bubble Will Burst And Inflation Will Follow,https://www.forbes.com/sites/steveforbes/2021/03/23/stock-market-bubble-will-burst-and-inflation-will-follow/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"The Fed is underestimating the massive amount of money printing it will have to do to finance the largest peacetime spending the U.S. has ever engaged in. Banks, foreign governments and U.S. agencies—chiefly Social Security, which is no longer running large surpluses—are not going to be the big buyers of bonds, as has previously been the case. That leaves the Fed doing the heavy lifting, and the scale of money creation it will need to do will fire up a sizable inflation. Then there are the enormous tax increases that Democrats are determined to enact on capital gains, businesses, higher incomes, gasoline, car mileage, energy, inheritances and more, which will whack the nascent recovery later this year and in 2022. The economy has real strengths coming out of the pandemic, but it won’t be able to withstand the magnitude of these abuses. ",143,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886190344,2021-03-23 06:15:11,"Medal of Honor recipient rings the closing bell, breaks gavel",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/medal-of-honor-recipient-rings-the-closing-bell-breaks-gavel/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. ,19,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886192488,2021-03-23 06:26:42.940912,Can covid make your ears ring? What we know about its possible connection to tinnitus.,https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/wellness/tinnitus-covid-treatment-ear-hearing/2021/03/23/aca1811c-8b32-11eb-9423-04079921c915_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_homepage,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"Texas Roadhouse CEO dies by suicide while battling ‘unbearable’ post-covid-19 symptoms, family says Though early research and anecdotal reports have documented tinnitus and sudden hearing loss in some covid-19 patients, audiologists emphasized that there is no conclusive evidence connecting the virus to the onset or worsening of tinnitus. “There are at least 200 reasons” why people may develop tinnitus or feel like their existing condition is worsening, Beukes said, including factors related to hearing damage as well as stress and mental health conditions. “Some people do just get tinnitus that’s seemingly out of the blue.” Beukes and other experts say it’s critical for people with tinnitus to understand the condition and be aware that there are a variety of evidence-based treatments that can provide relief. People should “not accept that their quality of life has to go down because they have tinnitus,” Beukes said. “There is hope and there are things that they can do to live the life they want to live.” Here’s what audiologists say you need to know about tinnitus, its possible association to covid-19 and recommended treatments. National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is 800-273-TALK (8255) Tinnitus is the perception of a sound that isn’t being generated by an external source, said Catherine Fabian, an audiologist and faculty member at Northwestern University. “It’s really quite varied in terms of how people hear it and how people describe it.” The condition can be temporary or chronic, according to the American Tinnitus Association. People most commonly report a ringing in one or both ears, but the noise can also sound like buzzing, hissing, whistling, swooshing or clicking. Tinnitus often is the result of damage in the inner ear, said Jason Leyendecker, an audiologist and secretary of the Academy of Doctors of Audiology. “We all have thousands of little hairs in the inner ear and if they are damaged, they are no longer sending the signal to the brain accurately,” Leyendecker said. “So your brain picks up that there is missing information and tries to re-create it,” which causes you to perceive sounds that aren’t there. In other cases, tinnitus can be triggered by exposure to medications or chemicals that are potentially toxic to the ear or, as with hearing loss, the condition could be genetic, Leyendecker said. Fabian noted that stress, anxiety and fatigue can exacerbate tinnitus, making your brain pay more attention to the sound, which then causes the noise to be more pronounced and distracting. It’s not uncommon for people who are affected by tinnitus to enter a “vicious cycle,” largely driven by stress, said Holly Lovering, an audiologist with the George Washington Medical Faculty Associates. “We’re stressed because we have tinnitus, and then it gets louder because we’re stressed.” Still, the existing research does not provide “conclusive links,” said Beukes, who was the lead author of the survey-based study. “There is research being done that’s more robust now,” she said. “They’re doing research to look into the mechanisms of this.” Experts do have some theories. Certain types of viral inflammation can affect the inner ear and cause a tinnitus response, Fabian said, noting that she has seen two or three patients who recovered from covid-19 and are reporting new auditory problems including tinnitus. Another possibility, she said, is that upper respiratory infections, such as a cold, may cause infections in the middle ear. Such infections can lead to a build up of fluid and debris behind the eardrum. This can “trap and block sound and make your ability to hear your tinnitus or start perceiving your tinnitus really, really easy,” Fabian said. This hearing loss is usually temporary, she added, but once a person starts hearing their tinnitus, it may be difficult to stop noticing it. “We’ve had people with normal hearing come in because they have tinnitus and we’ve counseled them that we are living in very stressful times,” she said. A third of Americans now show signs of clinical anxiety or depression, Census Bureau finds amid coronavirus pandemic Beyond increasing the risk of anxiety, depression and insomnia, untreated tinnitus that is bothersome “can affect almost all aspects of life,” Beukes said. People, for instance, tend to avoid activities that they think might make their tinnitus worse, such as going out to a noisy restaurant or attending a party. “People that enjoyed reading can’t read because they can’t concentrate anymore because of the sounds,” she said. “Having a normal conversation is hard because they can’t focus on the other person because … the sound in their heads is louder and overpowering. It can get people really, really down.” While there have been reports of people with tinnitus dying by suicide, Lovering said such incidents are “very rare.” There are often other factors at play in those situations, Leyendecker added. “This is one of those things that is tough to manage for some,” he said. But, “if they have hope, if they have understanding of where it’s coming from and why it bothers them, it can drastically reduce their reaction to it and make it more manageable.” How to talk to loved ones when you’re worried about their mental health First, Leyendecker recommends seeing a primary care physician or an ear, nose and throat specialist to determine whether your tinnitus has a treatable medical cause, such as an ear infection or impacted ear wax. Then, it’s important to visit an audiologist, who can test your hearing and help create an appropriate treatment plan. If you have hearing loss-related tinnitus, hearing aids can be an effective treatment, Leyendecker said. One of the most common methods of relieving tinnitus is sound enrichment or sound therapy, Fabian said. “What we want to do is give the brain a lot of stimulation and enrichment, so it has a lot of other types of sounds to listen to and to process and it’s not just processing the tinnitus signal itself,” she said. You like to drift off to podcasts. Your partner prefers silence. Headphones offer a compromise. Some audiologists such as Leyendecker specialize in tinnitus retraining therapy, which involves counseling and the use of sounds to habituate people to their tinnitus. “Over time, we’re able to change the reaction to the tinnitus,” Leyendecker said. “If you don’t care about it, you won’t listen to it.” Additionally, people with tinnitus are encouraged to practice mindfulness and other stress-reduction strategies, including meditation, deep breathing and exercising. “With tinnitus, often there isn’t one tool or one magic bullet,” Beukes said. “You need a toolbox of different things and different strategies might work in different situations.” Got a question about the coronavirus and vaccine rollout? Ask The Post. 
 The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",1120,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886187620,2021-03-23 06:00:00,Probability Of CarGurus Rising After Falling Nearly 2% Last Week?,https://www.forbes.com/sites/greatspeculations/2021/03/23/probability-of-cargurus-rising-after-falling-nearly-2-last-week/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"MACHINE LEARNING ENGINE – try it yourself: Some Fun Scenarios, FAQs & Making Sense of CarGurus Stock Movements: Question 1: Is the average return for CarGurus stock higher after a drop? Answer: Consider two situations, Case 1: CarGurus stock drops by -5% or more in a week Case 2: CarGurus stock rises by 5% or more in a week Is the average return for CarGurus stock higher over the subsequent month after Case 1 or Case 2? CARG stock fares better after Case 2, with an average return of -0.8% over the next month (21 trading days) under Case 1 (where the stock has just suffered a 5% loss over the previous week), versus, an average return of 1.4% for Case 2. Try the Trefis machine learning engine above to see for yourself how CarGurus stock is likely to behave after any specific gain or loss over a period. Question 2: Does patience pay? Answer: If you buy and hold CarGurus stock, the expectation is over time the near term fluctuations will cancel out, and the long-term positive trend will favor you - at least if the company is otherwise strong. Overall, according to data and Trefis’ machine learning engine’s calculations, patience absolutely pays for most stocks! For CARG stock, the returns over the next N days after a -5% change over the last five trading days is detailed in the table below, along with the returns for the S&P500: You can try the engine to see what this table looks like for CarGurus after a larger loss over the last week, month, or quarter. Question 3: What about the average return after a rise if you wait for a while? Answer: The average return after a rise is understandably lower than a fall as detailed in the previous question. Interestingly, though, if a stock has gained over the last few days, you would do better to avoid short-term bets for most stocks. CARG’s returns over the next N days after a 5% change over the last five trading days is detailed in the table below, along with the returns for the S&P500: It’s pretty powerful to test the trend for yourself for CarGurus stock by changing the inputs in the charts above. ",374,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886187570,2021-03-23 06:14:00,10 things you need to know before the opening bell,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/opening-bell-march-23-2021-3-1030235400,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886190342,2021-03-23 06:17:53,"U.K. royals consider new role dedicated to addressing ""diversity""",https://www.cbsnews.com/news/meghan-and-harry-interview-royal-family-diversity-chief-buckingham-palace/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,"Watch CBSN Live 
                      By McKay Bolden
                   Buckingham Palace is considering appointing an official to lead diversity efforts, according to a royal source. The move comes after Buckingham Palace conducted a review of its policies and programs currently in place and found that not enough progress had been made. A source told CBS News that a formal ""diversity chief"" position within the Royal Households was ""something that has to be considered,"" but that it was ""too early for any firm plans to be announced."" ""We are listening and learning, to get this right,"" added the source, who called diversity ""an issue which has been taken very seriously across the royal households."" ""We have the policies, the procedures and programmes in place but we haven't seen the progress we would like and accept more needs to be done, we can always improve.""  The ongoing work to address diversity ""has been underway for some time now and comes with the full support of the family,"" the source said. ""The issues raised, particularly that of race, are concerning,"" the monarch said. ""While some recollections may vary, they are taken very seriously and will be addressed by the family privately."" For Breaking News & Analysis Download the Free CBS News app Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ",256,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886187616,2021-03-23 06:00:00,Crime Report: 20 Riskiest Places For Gay Travelers (And The 5 Safest),https://www.forbes.com/sites/laurabegleybloom/2021/03/23/crime-report-20-riskiest-places-for-gay-travelers-and-the-5-safest/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"A new report details the most dangerous—and safest—places for gay travelers. For the Fergussons, LGBTQ+ rights are top of mind, even amidst a pandemic. “LGBTQ+ rights are still at the forefront of our awareness, and we plan to continue keeping this study up to date to help the LGBTQ+ community stay safe and navigate international travel,” says Lyric Fergusson. The most surprising revelation from this year’s study? The continued level of violent persecution of the LGBTQ+ community around the world. “Of the ‘least safe’ countries on our list, the top 49 still have prison sentences as punishment for being gay,” says Fergusson. The two countries topping the “most dangerous” list—Nigeria and Saudi Arabi—still utilize the death penalty as a possible punishment for being LGBTQ+, while lesser punishments can include lashings, flogging or life in prison. “It’s just so hard to believe we live in a world where we can treat our fellow human beings so poorly just for who they love or for what gender they identify with.” On the beach in Miami. While the U.S. is gay friendly in many ways, there are issues. So is there any good news? “After our last study was published, there was a public outcry in many countries demanding that these inhumane laws be changed. Destinations that rely heavily on tourism continue to feel the heat as the LGBTQ+ community avoids countries like Jamaica for their conservative views. We hope that our 2021 study can add to the momentum for equality that is tangibly forming worldwide,” says Fergusson. The Lekki-Ikoyi bridge in Nigeria—the most dangerous place for gay travelers. 1. Nigeria 2. Saudi Arabia 3. Malaysia 4. Malawi  5. Oman 6. Jamaica  7. Myanmar 8. Qatar The United Arab Emirates is one of the most dangerous places for gay travelers. 9. United Arab Emirates 10. Yemen 11. Zambia  12. Tanzania  13. Sudan 14. West Bank & Gaza 15. Iran 16. Uganda  17. Maldives 18. Morocco 19. Egypt  20. Algeria A rainbow pathway in Montreal, Canada—the safest place for gay travelers. 1 . Canada 2. The Netherlands 3. Sweden 4. Malta 5. Portugal  READ MORE: ",359,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886198505,2021-03-23 06:00:25,"Keep the Filibuster, There Are Better Ways to Reform a Broken System",https://time.com/5949042/preserve-the-filibuster-better-ways-to-reform/,en,False,,4419,Time,http://time.com,"Let’s look at minoritarian control. The Republican Party has won exactly one popular vote for president since 1988, George W. Bush’s narrow 2.4 percent edge over John Kerry in 2004. Yet it won three presidential elections in that span of time, and only a margin of 42,921 votes in three states (Arizona, Georgia, and Wisconsin) stopped Donald Trump from winning re-election with a second consecutive substantial popular vote minority.  What does this mean? Do away with the filibuster, and it’s entirely possible that the next Republican government could enjoy immense legislative power without a majority of the popular vote. In fact, they could lose voters by margins numbering in the millions, yet still exercise decisive control over the government.  The problem is clear—substantial government reforms in the face of impotent majority opposition can destabilize a democracy. Yes, minorities can exercise a degree of control now, but remove the filibuster, and minorities could directly legislate to a degree they could not even at the height of GOP power before the midterm elections in 2018.  And make no mistake, Democrats are not eager to accommodate Republicans. One party may be more functional than the other, but both parties share abundant blame for the state of American politics. Gridlock in Washington does not have to mean gridlock in government, and an emphasis on local control can and should reduce the stakes of federal disputes. In other words, state and local governments should be the principal instrument of legal and political reform. Washington should occupy a less prominent place in our minds. A short-hand way of saying this is let California be California and let Tennessee be Tennessee.  Finally, candidates matter. While progressives lament the power of moderate Democrat Joe Manchin, it remains remarkable that a Democrat holds down a Senate seat in one of the most Republican states in the nation. West Virginia voted for Donald Trump by an astonishing 39 points in 2020. Progressives also lament the power of moderate Arizona Democrat Kyrsten Sinema, but without her upset victory in a previously solid-red state, Democrats would not control the Senate.  In fact, both parties can learn from the power of strategic moderation. The GOP has elected successful and popular governors in Massachusetts and Maryland, two deep-blue states, and there’s presently a Democratic governor in Louisiana. During Obama’s presidency, a Republican won a Senate race in Massachusetts. During Trump’s term, a Democrat won a Senate race in Alabama. Yet all too often primary voters fail to understand that the quest for partisan perfection can be the enemy of the political good. In reaching for everything, they gain nothing.  The answer to polarization and gridlock is not partisan escalation. Ending the filibuster would only ramp up partisan acrimony and increase the level of fear and anxiety around American elections. There are better paths through American division. We should try those before we enable drastic measures like majoritarian dominance or minoritarian control.  ",495,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886198328,2021-03-23 05:12:00,: Jitters start to creep in as ECB’s Lane says lockdown won’t derail European recovery,http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?guid=%7B21005575-02D4-D4B5-4572-D32C07BD2D90%7D&siteid=rss&rss=1,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,"No less of an expert than the chief economist of the European Central Bank says the raft of new COVID-19 lockdown announcements, including Germany, won’t derail the eurozone economy. “It’s important to emphasize when we made our recent forecasts a couple of weeks ago we did allow for some extension into the second quarter,” said Philip Lane, the ECB chief economist, in an interview with CNBC. “So the fact now we are seeing decisions lockdown measures extended into April is not too surprising.” That forecast calls for 4% growth in 2021, after a 6.6% deterioration in 2020. The median forecast is for 4.3% growth, according to a FactSet compilation of 51 estimates. Lane did point out that the European Commission is expecting an acceleration in COVID-19 vaccination in the second quarter. “It’s a contest between progress and vaccinations and other medical progress versus the near-term challenge of trying to get this virus under control,” said Lane. Analysts at Citi expect the German lockdown to be extended again. “Given the higher transmissibility of the now dominant B.1.1.7 virus variant, we are skeptical that Merkel and the 16 states will be able to ease the restrictions at the next meeting on April 12,” they said in a note to clients. The Shiba Inu whale identified by crypto watchers as the investor who turned $8,000 into $5.7 billion is moving holdings around. A big sale could follow. Steven Goldstein is based in London and responsible for MarketWatch's coverage of financial markets in Europe, with a particular focus on global macro and commodities. Previously, he was Washington bureau chief, directing MarketWatch's economic, political and regulatory coverage. Follow Steve on Twitter: @MKTWgoldstein. ",278,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886190341,2021-03-23 06:20:12,Commentary Rewind: Strange political dreams,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/commentary-rewind-strange-political-dreams/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886187612,2021-03-23 06:06:08,Pharma Shows Business Leaders How To Recover From A Crisis,https://www.forbes.com/sites/edwardsegal/2021/03/23/pharma-shows-business-leaders-how-to-recover-from-a-crisis/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Road to recovery highway sign There is a silver lining to the dark cloud of Covid-19: the pharmaceutical industry showed business leaders how companies and organizations can recover from crisis situations. The report noted, “What’s clear, however, is that the traditional drivers of corporate reputation—high-quality products and services, and delivering solid business results—are now simply the price of entry.” “When government fails, people look to business for answers to society’s issues,” Guitar said. “In response—and in conjunction with the social justice movement last summer—many companies chose to champion purpose and values. By doing so, those companies have been able to emerge from the pandemic’s crisis of coincidence in a position of strength. But holding on to that position will take intention and care.  “Ensuring that purpose is pervasive throughout the organization, meaning it is regularly employed as a decision making metric, is the most powerful thing any organization can do to confine its crises to those of coincidence,” she said. The Harris Poll survey was conducted in several waves by The Harris Poll between March 15, 2020 and March 15, 2021. More than 114,000 Americans were interviewed. Each survey was conducted online within the U.S. by The Harris Poll among a nationally representative sample of around 2,000 U.S. adults. Data was weighted to reflect the U.S. general public across age, gender, race/ethnicity, region, income and employment. “Organizations that can demonstrate consistent and sustained action to ‘fix’ the problem(s) are the ones most likely to not only recover but also emerge stronger from crises,” she concluded. “They put people before profits. When brands align with the consumer and are seen acting, authentically, in consumers' best interests, then brand love and profits follow,” she said. Results “They underpromised and overdelivered. It was a race against the clock to develop a viable vaccine and slow the spread of this deadly disease. With internal alignment of resources and a clear focus on a singular goal, pharmaceutical companies achieved what did not seem possible—safe and effective vaccine within six months,” Holler noted. Visibility  “They kept senior executives visible and drove the narrative,” she recalled. “Oftentimes in a crisis, organizations circle the wagons and information is hard to come by. This leaves consumers, media, critics, regulators all wondering what they are hiding. This was not the case here,” Holler said. “Being able to put their intellectual and financial resources to use to develop a vaccine in the midst of a global pandemic was a tremendous opportunity to restore, or some might say, reconstruct reputation. It was granted the ability to change perception, judgment and a negative narrative,” Toebe said. Based on the success of pharma and other industries, it is possible for companies and organizations to bounce back from a disaster, scandal or other corporate emergencies. Scott Sobel, senior vice president for crisis and litigation communications at kglobal, said, “It is no surprise that pharma’s credibility has grown incredibly [by] developing Covid-19 vaccines in record time. “Pharma and all businesses with reputation challenges can never sit back on their laurels. Those businesses need to continue to communicate past and future successes,” he advised. Reputation Quality’s Toebe said business leaders can learn from pharma’s success by: “Chief among them is transparency. There was a lot of open information from several of the companies developing the vaccine from early on until today. This information wasn't communicated through a board of directors meeting or company stakeholder meeting— it went directly to the press [so it would go] directly to the consumers.”  “Effective crisis management, mitigation, and rebuilding reputation are dependent on connecting with target audiences on a personal trust level,” said kglobal’s Sobel. “You have to personalize clients, make corporations present as personal, caring and responsible entities with the same interests as the target audiences.” ",630,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886198499,2021-03-23 06:00:34,"Facebook Acted Too Late to Tackle Misinformation on 2020 Election, Report Finds",https://time.com/5949210/facebook-misinformation-2020-election-report/,en,False,,4419,Time,http://time.com,"For much of the summer of 2020, at the height of anti-racism protests and amid a surge in COVID-19 cases, data from Avaaz shows that the top 100 “repeat misinformers” received millions more interactions on Facebook than the top 100 traditional U.S. media pages combined. “The scary thing is that this is just for the top 100 pages—this is not the whole universe of misinformation,” says Fadi Quran, a campaign director at Avaaz who worked on the report. “This doesn’t even include Facebook Groups, so the number is likely much bigger. We took a very, very conservative estimate in this case.” In a statement, Facebook spokesperson Andy Stone disputed the report’s methodology. “This report distorts the serious work we’ve been doing to fight violent extremism and misinformation on our platform,” he said. “Avaaz uses a flawed methodology to make people think that just because a Page shares a piece of fact-checked content, all the content on that Page is problematic.” Stone said Facebook has “done more than any other Internet company to combat harmful content,” banning militarized social movements including QAnon, and removing millions of pieces of misinformation about COVID-19 and election interference. “Our enforcement isn’t perfect, which is why we’re always improving it while also working with outside experts to make sure that our policies remain in the right place,” he said. The 10.1 billion number is intentionally broad to “show Facebook’s role in providing fertile ground for and incentivizing a larger ecosystem of misinformation and toxicity,” Avaaz said. But the group also quantified the number of views accumulated by the 100 most popular pieces of content ahead of the election that were flagged as false or misleading by Facebook-affiliated fact checkers: 162 million. The report’s findings increase pressure on Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg ahead of an important week in Washington. On Thursday he, along with Twitter’s Jack Dorsey and Google’s Sundar Pichai, will face Congress for the first time since the storming of the U.S. Capitol by angry Trump supporters and extremists on Jan. 6—an event that was partly planned on their platforms. Two subcommittees of the House Energy & Commerce Committee are expected to grill them on how their algorithms amplify disinformation and allow the spread of extremist ideologies. The posts included calls for “armed revolt,” memes about ambushing National Guard members to steal their ammunition, and other violent threats, according to Avaaz. All 118 of the pages were reported to Facebook by Avaaz during the election cycle, Quran said. Facebook removed 18 of them, including 14 after receiving an advance copy of the report on March 19, said Stone, the Facebook spokesperson. The rest did not violate Facebook’s policies, he said. The report’s findings illustrate how quickly movements like QAnon and “Stop the Steal” groups, which connected ordinary Americans, political activists and far-right extremist groups in the same online ecosystem, were able to grow before Facebook took action. By the time it removed some of the largest QAnon groups last summer and fall, the movement was far too large to be contained, and its followers simply moved to other platforms like Parler, Telegram and Gab, where some went on to organize for the Jan. 6 insurrection.  The debate over accountability, content moderation, online misinformation and data privacy issues is likely to take center stage in other ways on Capitol Hill in the coming months as well. Democrats have indicated that they intend to make oversight of social media companies a top priority. Sen. Chris Coons, a Delaware Democrat who was named the new chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology, and the Law, has said he also expects to call on Zuckerberg and Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey to testify before his panel. Unlike Republicans, who spent hours in previous hearings pressing social media executives on alleged anti-conservative bias, Democrats plan to focus on the platforms’ role in allowing disinformation, hate speech and violent incitement by extremist groups to go unchecked. Democrats including President Joe Biden have suggested revoking or rewriting Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, a key legal provision that protects tech platforms from lawsuits for content posted by their users. Advocates for reform say that the law should be amended to make platforms more legally accountable for content including misinformation and incitement to violence. Although Facebook has publicly said it welcomes Section 230 reform, hostile lawmakers could make changes that would increase the company’s costs or force it to rethink its business model. At the time, Facebook touted these last-minute changes as decisive actions. The company also said in October that it would display information about how to vote at the top of users’ feeds and add fact-checking labels to false information about the voting process or premature claims of victory by candidates. The Avaaz report says even these late measures were implemented inconsistently, allowing millions of views on posts that slipped through the cracks between October and Election Day. It also found that copycats of misinformation posts that Facebook’s own fact-checking partners had debunked went undetected by the company’s AI, accumulating at least 142 million views.  “The message I have for Mark Zuckerberg is that Facebook needs to stop publicly scoring its own exams, and allow experts and democracies to audit the platform,” Quran says. “It’s time for Zuckerberg to stop saying ‘sorry,’ and start investing in proactive solutions to these problems.” ",896,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886187610,2021-03-23 06:20:00,"Aaron Gordon, John Collins Among Reported Trade Targets For Boston Celtics",https://www.forbes.com/sites/chrisgrenham/2021/03/23/aaron-gordon-john-collins-among-reported-trade-targets-for-boston-celtics/,en,True,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"The Boston Celtics’ continued struggles have heightened the pressure to add reinforcements at this week’s trade deadline, and the rumor mill has become increasingly busy of late.  The Celtics desperately need help on the wing and Gordon would add a nice combination of size and versatility along with solid playmaking ability. He is entering the final year of his contract, where he is set to make roughly $16.4 million next season (a declining number following his $18.1 million payday this year). In other words, the Celtics are able to absorb Gordon into their $28.5 million trade exception. That straightforward route would send Boston slightly over the luxury tax, however.  Gordon has struggled for stretches this season on defense, although he did miss extended time with a severely sprained ankle. Orlando has dealt with a slew of injuries, something that has made Gordon’s on-court situation all the more difficult when healthy. In 22 games, he is averaging 14.7 points, 6.8 rebounds and 4.2 assists on 44.2% shooting (40.2% 3PT). Overall, Gordon would be a welcome addition in an area where the Celtics have struggled quite a bit this season, but the two first-round picks seems a bit steep.  Fournier will hit free agency this offseason, but Orlando would likely look for Smart if it were to send the 28-year-old Frenchman to Boston alongside Gordon. That seems like a cost out of Boston’s price-range, or at least one that should be. Smart is extremely well-liked with members of the Celtics organization, and including him alongside multiple draft picks feels like a massive overpay in this particular scenario.  When evaluating these Orlando-Boston rumors, it’s important to note the timing. It’s early in the week, and teams like the Magic are likely using various strategies to try and drive the price up for players like Gordon. In other words, you probably won’t see a deal get done, if any, until Thursday.  The Athletic’s Shams Charania reported Monday that Atlanta has shown interest in Smart, which likely would be part of a bigger deal sending Collins to Boston. Weiss added further details, noting that Bogdanović would likely be included in a package heading to the Celtics in that scenario. Collins is a terrific player, would fit Boston’s needs and fits the Celtics’ timeline, but his impending payday, plus Atlanta’s asking price, probably pushes this deal out of reach. The 23-year-old turned down a $90 million extension this summer. The Athletic also reported that Atlanta presented a deal built around Jaylen Brown during the Collins-centered discussion. Boston shouldn’t be interested in that, and thus I don’t see these talks going anywhere as of now.  The NBA trade deadline is Thursday at 3 p.m. ET. ",455,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886200901,2021-03-23 06:00:00,"To escape the pandemic and lockdowns, Californians resettle in Taiwan",https://www.latimes.com/world-nation/story/2021-03-23/to-escape-the-pandemic-and-lockdowns-californians-resettle-in-taiwan,en,False,,6,LA Times,http://www.latimes.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886198492,2021-03-23 06:13:43,‘I Can Get Killed.’ A Leading Activist Talks About Her Role in the Fight Against Myanmar’s Junta,https://time.com/5949216/thinzar-shunlei-yi-myanmar-coup-resistance-protest-democracy/,en,False,,4419,Time,http://time.com,"The 29-year-old had moved from one secret location to another just an hour before a video call with TIME in mid-March. Changing locations is something she and her fellow activists do every two to three weeks, Thinzar Shunlei Yi says, sitting against a white wall with curtains drawn. “Nowhere is safe in the country right now. Nobody is safe. Even though I’m staying in my safe house, actually I’m not safe. I don’t feel safe at all.” “It’s clearly a daily slaughter of the peaceful protesters,” says Thinzar Shunlei Yi, who is now one of the most prominent figures in the resistance against the military junta—a rebellion that is starting to be known locally as the Spring Revolution. The leaderless movement began with calls for the release of Aung San Suu Kyi and the restoration of the civilian government led by her party, the National League for Democracy, which won a landslide general election last November. But demonstrators are now demanding broader changes, beginning with the abolition of a 2008 constitution drafted by the military that allowed the generals to retain effective control. “The protesters are not just organizing anti-coup protests any more because we are now … doing a revolution, a revolution against the political system and cultural system in the country,” Thinzar Shunlei Yi says. Even though she is in hiding, and fully aware of the risks she is taking by talking to international media, she isn’t afraid to speak up using her real name. “I’m not nobody. I’m not anonymous,” she says. “I am a true person living inside the country saying things under my name, risking everything.” Since the coup, Thinzar Shunlei Yi has been coordinating with other young activists, bridging different groups, as well as taking to the streets to lead protests despite the military’s heavy use of force. “It’s not like we’re not aware of what will come to us,” she says. “I can get killed. I can get arrested. I can get beaten up so bad but… we are protesting against them, knowing everything, because we have no choice.” ",347,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886187605,2021-03-23 06:22:19,One Year On...Is Retail Way Past The Tipping Point?,https://www.forbes.com/sites/katehardcastle/2021/03/23/one-year-onis-retail-way-past-the-tipping-point/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"On the anniversary of the UK’s first lockdown and his first ""stay at home"" television address to the nation, the Prime Minister Boris Johnson has stated that the last 12 months have equated to one of the most difficult periods in the country's history. Over the last year, as the public have been asked to stay at home for work, rest and play - businesses in sectors such as retail, hospitality, travel and the arts have been significantly impacted by on/off lockdowns, with some unable to survive at all. There have been moments of positivity, the government’s first financial response which supported many organisations - but sadly not all - with grants and support packages. Businesses pivoted to new ways of working, engaging apace with technology and embracing the changing ways in which to safely continue trading. This will be welcomed by many in the retail industry – the industry most hit by the impact of Covid-19. As well as pushing Britain into the deepest recession on record, Sky News highlighted that most job cuts made by major businesses since the first UK lockdown began in March 2020 were in retail – the biggest employment casualty of the pandemic.  As names such as Marks & Spencer and John Lewis have announced radical strategies to try and turn the fortunes of the retail brands around, they have also announced job-cuts for thousands of roles. Other brands such as Debenhams, Oasis and Warehouse, have disappeared from the high street altogether - and retail positions account for around one in four of the total jobs cut during the pandemic. Other grounded industries like the aviation industry and hospitality sector are also paying the price after various lockdowns have seen the public stay at home, banned from travelling and socialising. On March 20, the government has announced a £56 million ‘Welcome Back Fund’ as additional financial support to help councils rejuvenate high streets. Communities Secretary Rt Hon Robert Jenrick MP said: “As we move to the next stage on the roadmap out of lockdown we are all looking forward to being reunited with friends and family outdoors and making a safe and happy return to our favourite shops, cafes, pubs and restaurants. Our Welcome Back Fund gives every city, town and high street support to prepare for a great summer. This funding will help councils and businesses to welcome shoppers, diners and tourists back safely.” The fund will help high streets with the look and feel of the area with financial support for planting and seating and the removal of graffiti. It will also help with publicity campaigns to support local businesses and can also be used to continue sharing the messaging around social distancing and safety.  Mr Jenrick MP has also announced clarity around the Parking Code Framework which will curb unfair tickets in a new, simplified appeals process.  The Communities Secretary has promised the changes will introduce a “fairer” and “clearer” way to park a vehicle. The new updates will make “life easier for motorists” by cutting out excessive parking fines and creating a “fairer system” for road users. Parking fines have often been a major reason cited by the public as a high-street passion-killer - so the regulation of private parking fines for millions of motorists being introduced will be welcomed. But some might say too little, too late. Hermes announced last year it would hire 9,000 new self-employed couriers, and interestingly has seen the entrants into its workforce from sectors such as diverse as retail and travel: Royal Mail also highlighted prior to the peak 2020 trading period it was looking to take on a further 33,000 temporary staff to support a permanent workforce of 115,000. The roll-out of vaccines and the prospect of a full reopening of the economy offers hope for a recovery but with many businesses on their knees after months in and out of lockdown - and furlough support likely to taper off as restrictions ease, further tough times look likely.  Over the past few years, the phrase ‘tipping point’ was often used to describe the shifts in consumer spending from physical to online and the state of UK high streets. Whilst the weekly footfall growth in shops appears promising, the overall trend towards online shopping, coupled with ongoing caution from many consumers to resume previous routines and the reduced choice available on our high streets, may have pushed some traditional retail way past the point of no return. ",744,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886204633,2021-03-23 06:17:25,Ruff day? Delivery driver watches helplessly as dog rips parcel apart before hiding in his van,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392315/Ruff-day-Delivery-driver-watches-helplessly-dog-rips-parcel-apart-hiding-van.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 4 This is the moment a mischievous mutt ran rings around a delivery driver when it tore up the package he was delivering before sneaking into his van and tucking into his lunch. Footage taken on the doorbell camera captured the dog grabbing the parcel in its teeth as the man, wearing a FedEx jacket, headed back down the stairs. The delivery man left a package at the base of front porch steps outside a home in Avon, Connecticut, before a dog started sniffing it behind him The delivery man then just watched hopelessly as the dog galloped around the front yard with the package between its teeth. He shouted 'hello' to try to speak to the owner as his concern for the welfare of the parcel grew. As the package was ripped apart the hapless driver lunged towards the dog. When the home's owner pulls his car into the driveway the dog leaps out of the van to greet him, leading the delivery driver to shout 'I was like ""what the heck is going on""? Oh you were in my truck the whole time' As the package is ripped apart the hapless driver lunges towards the energetic dog The clip then cuts to another angle showing the driver standing next to his white van with the destroyed parcel in his hand. He puts the parcel down on a bin as he looks around for the now missing dog. When the home's owner pulls his car into the driveway the dog leaps out of the van to greet him, leading the delivery driver to shout 'I was like ""what the heck is going on""? Oh you were in my truck the whole time.' The dog owner recently shared the footage, filmed in November 2020. He said: 'My dog takes the package and runs around the yard.  'The deliveryman is confused. Then the same delivery guy can't find the dog, he then realizes he was actually in his truck the whole time...eating his lunch.' Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",351,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886200899,2021-03-23 06:00:00,"Op-Ed: Can a Jan. 6 Commission answer our questions? Yes, if Pelosi and the GOP make the right choices",https://www.latimes.com/opinion/story/2021-03-23/jan-6-presidential-commission,en,False,,6,LA Times,http://www.latimes.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886195594,2021-03-23 05:30:00,NFTs Are Music Industry's Latest Hit,https://www.wsj.com/articles/nfts-are-music-industrys-latest-big-hit-11616491801?mod=pls_whats_news_us_business_f,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,WSJ Membership Customer Service Tools & Features Ads More Dow Jones Products ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886204628,2021-03-23 06:19:51,Councillor faces jail over dispute with neighbours who he dubbed 'The Tart' and 'The Peeping Tom',https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392483/Councillor-faces-jail-dispute-neighbours-dubbed-Tart-Peeping-Tom.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 2 A councillor who labelled his elderly next door neighbours 'The Tart' and 'The Peeping Tom' during a 13-year war of words on their leafy suburban street was facing jail today.  Brendan Murphy, 79, hounded Christopher Boyd and his wife Margaret with barbed comments after they fell out over a dispute about local gossip. Whenever Mr Boyd, 76, and his 74-year old wife would sweep leaves from the driveway of their £500,000 home in Disley, Greater Manchester, Murphy would bellow: 'Morning Tom, how's your tart today?' from his home next door. On one occasion while Mr Boyd was doing DIY on his roof, Murphy said: 'You can do a lot of peeping from up there, you peeping Tom,' and added: 'Make sure you don't fall off that roof, I won't be able to give you the kiss of life.' Initially Murphy, who sits as an independent councillor om Cheshire East Council would bark his comments through their adjoining privet hedge but then resorted to amplifying his insults when the Boyds built a six foot fence in front of it and installed CCTV cameras to chronicle his hate campaign. Brendan Murphy (pictured left) has been convicted of harassing his neighbours Christopher and Margaret Boyd (pictured, right, in 2012) during an ongoing dispute in Greater Manchester Mr Boyd also placed an audio recorder on his fence and camcorder in his landing window to catch Murphy speaking to him. At Stockport magistrates court Murphy was found guilty of harassment following a trial which heard he insulted the Boyds on a 'daily basis'. The court heard the neighbours had lived next door to each other since 1984 and initially got on well But they fell out in 2007 after Murphy reportedly accused them of spreading gossip about his late wife Iris and alleging he was underpaying his council tax. The feud deteriorated when the Boyds put the fence up and called in the police.  The court heard the latest offences took place between November 2017 and July 2019. Mrs Boyd told the hearing: 'We got on with Mr Murphy until around 2007 and since then we have been involved in a lot of matters with him. 'There have been court proceedings before in 2012 and there was another one after that, all relating to harassment. I do not like his behaviour. The homes of Christopher and Margaret Boyd (left) and Brendan Murphy (right) in Disley, Greater Manchester, where the neighbours have lived for 30 years but they fell out in 2007 'On one occasion we were walking from our home to get our car from the garage when Mr Murphy walked towards us and bumped into my husband. 'I was holding his hand as we expected trouble at the time and am so frightened of any trouble. 'Chris said, ""watch your step"" and he said, ""come on then, come on then"" and I nearly fell over his dog. 'Later I was sweeping the leaves up from the ground in my own garden when Mr Murphy shouted, ""how's your tart today?"" 'We didn't see him but we can recognise his voice because we have known him for 30 years. 'I just went inside as it was quite distressing. He then said in the afternoon 'Morning Tom, tough guy, threatening again'? 'He was just shouting at my husband. He calls him a Peeping Tom. We went inside because it is very distressing. It is horrible and it is just endless. 'I've heard him say the words 'how's that tart this morning'? on a daily basis. It would be a very long statement if I provided all of the times he has called me a tart.' Mr and Mrs Boyd say the feud with Murphy escalated when they put up this fence in 2007 Mr Boyd, a retired draughtsman, said: 'The relationship was once fine but then it changed. He tried to arrange for mediation, and I originally agreed to it, but we refused in the end because he continued with the harassment and insults. 'Once I was in the garden and his dog was barking. He was pretending to speak to the dog and he said, 'Is that the peeping Tom and the tart?' He was of course referring to my wife and I. He continually called her a tart, he was goading her and sneering in his expression and he said it very loudly.  'There were 19 separate incidents that I reported to the police between June 21 and June 27, 2019 - there are just too many to remember.  'It is stressful when you are out in the garden and someone is shouting insults at you. He gets a lot of pleasure out of intimidating us and thinks it is good fun.' Murphy who stood unsuccessfully for the Conservatives in the Vale of Clwyd in the 2001 general election, told the hearing: 'I call Mr Boyd a 'Peeping Tom' and his wife a 'Tart' for a good reason and I think my legal response is justifiable. 'I saw a CCTV camera on the wall filming me and I jokingly said, ""I see you are a peeping Tom"". 'I also said ""mind you don't fall off that roof, I cannot give you the kiss of life"" but that was a joke too. 'On one of the occasions, I was out with my dog. Mr and Mrs Boyd were walking down the road hand in hand swinging their arms looked very happy. 'I said ""I'm glad to see you are so happy"" but instead of crossing the road she lurched into me and the dog whimpered in pain and that is when I called her a tart.  'I think they are making a big deal out of this. I do not do it every day. I am an elected active counsellor and I do a lot of community work. 'There have been instances where I did say in response to them and they would stare, laugh, and sneer. 'Mr Boyd is a very active DIY man with improving the garden etc. His garage is his workshop, and he makes a loud noise that I do not want to hear. 'People use the word 'tart' in lots of different ways and I will continue calling them a Peeping Tom and a tart as long as the cameras are still there. 'I say these words 100 times when I see the cameras and it just gets it off my chest. 'There are nastier things I could say.' JPs said the Boyds had given 'clear and consistent evidence' and told Murphy: 'We find your use of the words 'Peeping Tom' and 'tart' would have amounted to harassment.' Murphy will be sentenced next month and was granted unconditional bail. Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",1139,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886204624,2021-03-23 06:24:34,Australia backs sanctions against China over its torture and abuse of Muslim minority,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392361/Australia-backs-sanctions-against-China-torture-abuse-Muslim-minority.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 18 But they have not followed international allies by imposing sanctions on Chinese officials. Foreign Minister Marise Payne and her Kiwi counterpart Nanaia Mahuta raised grave concerns over a growing number of reports about abuses committed by the Chinese government. Detainees listening to speeches in a camp in Lop County, Xinjiang, China The pair cited restrictions on the freedom of religion, mass surveillance, extra-judicial detentions, forced labour and sterilisation. They welcomed sanctions announced overnight by the United States, Canada, European Union and the United Kingdom. 'We share these countries' deep concerns, which are held across the Australian and New Zealand communities,' they said in a joint statement. The trans-Tasman nations have called on China to respect the human rights of Uighur people and other religious and ethnic minorities since reports about the Xinjiang detention camps began to emerge in 2018. Buildings at the Artux City Vocational Skills Education Training Service Center, where mostly Muslim ethnic minorities are detained, north of Kashgar in China's northwestern Xinjiang region 'Today, we underscore the importance of transparency and accountability, and reiterate our call on China to grant meaningful and unfettered access to Xinjiang for United Nations experts, and other independent observers,' the ministers said. The Chinese embassy later responded to the statement on Xinjiang, accusing Australia of meddling and double standards. The embassy once again criticised Australia's record on human rights. 'We urge the Australian government to stop vilifying China, refrain from meddling in China's internal affairs, and cease to apply double standards on human rights.' Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",272,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886204615,2021-03-23 06:27:32,Gales hit Britain with winds topping 50mph before mini heatwave is predicted for next week,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392533/Gales-hit-Britain-winds-topping-50mph-mini-heatwave-predicted-week.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 146 Gales topping 50mph are set to hit Britain later today after temperatures dropped as low as -5C due to an Icelandic blast that has moved in ahead of a mini heatwave predicted to arrive next week. A cloudy start across Britain has made way for sunshine in the South, but rain has been forecast for parts of Scotland and north-western England later today. In another boost, Britain could bask in a mini-heatwave, with temperatures moving toward 68F (20C) next week, in time for the Stay at Home order to be dropped and the Rule of Six guidance to return. For Scotland, however, there are still freezing temperatures to contend with, as temperatures dropped to -5C in the Highlands village of Aboyne overnight.  As Britain enjoys its first week of spring weather, parts of the north west and Scotland are preparing for gales reaching speeds of more than 50mph, Lincolnshire (pictured), is expected to remain dry but cloudy  A deer was spotted in the blossoming trees of the New Forest earlier this morning, after temperatures reached highs of 59F on Monday There were clouds over Cambridge this morning, but warmer weather in recent weeks has seen a Yoshino cherry tree blossom Cloudy weather remains over parts of Britain today, but temperatures are expected to remain mild following highs of 59F in St James' Park, London, on Monday. Pictured: Daffodils blooming in Lincolnshire  Following rain later this week, the Met Office has warned of a 'wintry' cold snap on Friday, that should ease by the weekend. Temperatures are not expected to hit freezing. A Met Office forecast states: 'After a brief cold interlude on Friday, temperatures will recover on Saturday with further showers, wintry over high ground during the morning, and strong winds in northwestern areas. Elsewhere across the U.K most areas becoming largely dry but often cloudy.  With temperatures expected to climb next week, forecaster Simon Partridge told The Sun: 'As the country takes its next step on the roadmap we're in for some long-overdue sunshine. Following rain over northern parts of Britain later this week, the Met Office has warned of a 'wintry' cold snap on Friday, that should ease by the weekend. Temperatures are not expected to hit freezing. Clouds remained over Dunsden in Oxfordshire at sunrise this morning A blast of Icelandic air has moved in over northern and western parts of England, seeing temperatures drop as low as -5C overnight, but Holbeach's daffodil farm was safe was from the freezing cold Next week temperatures could climb as high as 68F (20C) as Britain enjoys a mini heatwave, bringing a splash of sunshine over daffodils growing in Lincolnshire Calm conditions on the River Cam in Cambridge allowed for people to go punting earlier today, but stronger winds and wintry conditions are expected elsewhere in the country later this week Heavy showers could move in by Friday, when the Met Office is also expecting a brief cold snap, before temperatures climb once again next week. Damon Arnette threatens to kill someone while brandishing gun Howard Stern rips Aaron Rodgers over misleading vaccination comments Hunter seen shockingly kicking horse during Hertfordshire hunt Surveillance footage of two gunmen before killing at Mexico hotel Not guilty verdict after two pit bulls mauled elderly woman to death Owner screams of fright as dog throws squirrel at her Little House on the Prarie star talks upcoming book about the show Travis Scott tells crowd to 'f**k up' fan who 'tried to steal shoe' Two-toed baby sloth surprises zookeepers with speedy birth AOC tells activists to 'stay in the streets' at climate summit Driver rescues kitten stuck in car engine during commute to work Miya Ponsetto AKA Soho Karen appears in court charged with hate crime 'People will be able to meet up with other households in back gardens and, dare I say it, enjoy a barbecue.' 'Temperatures will be above average for this time of year and that means people will be able to enjoy time outdoors.' Tonight is expected to be a largely dry evening with late spells of sunshine however it will be overcast and cloudy across northern and western areas with outbreaks of rain.  Overnight, rain will track south-eastwards across the country but will turn increasingly light and patchy to reach parts of Wales and England by dawn. Tomorrow will see cloudy skies and drizzle over England and Wales, moving south-east throughout the day.  The return of spring has put pickers to work at Holbeach in Lincolnshire, where around 2.5million daffodil flowers are harvested each year  Millions of daffodils are waiting to be picked at Taylors Bulbs, but the family firm is depending on just 30 workers this year, compared with its usual team of around 150   The beach front at Skegness is quiet, with clouds overhead today, ahead of a predicted mini spring heatwave's arrival next week Last Thursday, Britain recorded its warmest day of the year so far, with Edinburgh reaching 66.2F (19C). Temperatures could go even higher next week, just in time for the end of the Government's stay at home message 'People will be able to meet up with other households in back gardens and, dare I say it, enjoy a barbecue,' said forecaster Simon Partridge  The Met Office expects weather to turn 'increasingly dry with sunny spells from the north-west,' but rain has been forecast for Scotland and Northern Ireland. Heavy showers could move in by Friday, when the Met Office is also expecting a brief cold snap, before temperatures climb once again next week. The return of spring has put workers back in fields to harvest flowers, including daffodils in Lincolnshire, where the impact of Covid-19 restrictions and Brexit has seen its usual workforce of around 150 people cut to just 30  Last Thursday, Britain recorded its warmest day of the year so far, with Edinburgh reaching 66.2F (19C) which beat the previous 2021 high of 65.1F (18.4C) set at Santon Downham in Suffolk on February 24. March 18 was also the UK's warmest day since October 8 last year when Writtle in Essex got to 66.4F (19.1C), and it was the highest maximum in Scotland since 71.4F (21.9C) was recorded at Fyvie Castle on September 21, 2020.  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",1053,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886204603,2021-03-23 06:31:03,Coronavirus: Germany's Angela Merkel backs Europe-first threat of Covid vaccine export ban,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392311/Coronavirus-Germanys-Angela-Merkel-backs-Europe-threat-Covid-vaccine-export-ban.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 4.3k Boris Johnson tonight claimed the UK 'wouldn't dream' of blocking exports of Covid jabs to the EU as he sought to defuse the vaccine war brewing on the continent. Bloc bosses are threatening to ban supplies of AstraZeneca's jabs from coming into the UK amid a row over millions of unclaimed doses manufactured at a plant in the Netherlands. EU chiefs are furious that the drug giant has missed its delivery targets, accusing the Anglo-Swedish firm of breaching its contract. They want doses made in Britain to be exported to Europe to plug the shortfall — but No10 has a deal with AstraZeneca for first access to UK-made jabs. The Prime Minister, who is thought to be working behind the scenes to find a compromise with the EU, claimed Britain did not 'believe in blockades of any kind of vaccine'. Calling for unity at tonight's Downing Street press conference, he added: 'We are all fighting the same pandemic'.  But despite Mr Johnson's push to find a compromise, Brussels will press ahead tomorrow with plans to block vaccine exports to Britain.  The European Commission announced it would publish new proposals tomorrow morning to widen the criteria for restricting vaccine exports from the bloc. The powers will aim to restrict exports to countries that have higher vaccination rates, which means they are likely to be targeted directly at Britain.  France and Germany have both come out in favour of the EU-first policy, after the sluggish vaccine rollout on the continent has seen just 10 per cent of Europeans immunised.  It's unclear if the ban will apply solely to AstraZeneca's vaccine or if it will include Pfizer's jab, which is manufactured in Belgium.  Boris Johnson tonight claimed the UK 'wouldn't dream' of blocking exports of Covid jabs to the EU as he sought to defuse the vaccine trade war brewing on the continent French Europe Minister Clement Beaune, a close ally of President Macron, directly threatened exports to the UK today, telling France Info radio: 'AstraZeneca says ''I am experiencing delays'', we say ''mobilise your plants for us and if you don't, we will block exports to the UK''.' German Chancellor Angela Merkel has come out in favour of a vaccines export ban if Europe can't get a handle on its struggling vaccine programme Britain makes enough of the AstraZeneca vaccine in the UK to be self-sufficient but jumped at the opportunity to buy extra stocks from a factory in the Netherlands, which has angered politicians in Europe, where deliveries of the AZ jab have been smaller than expected Germany is going back into lockdown over Easter with Angela Merkel warning 'we are in a new pandemic' as mutant Covid strains cause cases to spike, with France seeing infections double in a week. Europe's coronavirus third wave, which has been gathering pace for weeks now, has reached crisis point over the last few days with leaders across the continent forced to reimpose strict measures to keep cases down. Mrs Merkel announced last night that all non-essential shops in Germany will be closed over the Easter period with church services moved online and public gatherings banned as infections rise 'exponentially'. Meanwhile the head of France's hospital federation warned that case figures are 'exploding' in his country and the health system is heading for an 'unprecedented violent shock' in about three weeks unless strong action is taken. Frederic Valletoux spoke out after Prime Minister Jean Castex imposed tough measures on 16 French regions including the cities of Paris, Lille and Nice last week - measures which experts say do not go far enough. In Spain, experts have begun warning of a fourth wave of Covid after deaths from the virus rose to 633 on Monday compared to 298 a week ago. The country is currently under a nationwide curfew and while exact measures vary from region to region, most have imposed curbs on movement, gatherings, and closed some businesses. Covid cases and deaths also remain high in Italy where new lockdown measures were imposed across much of the country last week, although infection data has begun trending downwards since then. Mrs Merkel last night pointed to the so-called Kent variant of coronavirus as being responsible, saying: 'Essentially, we have a new virus... it is much deadlier, much more infectious and infectious for much longer.' Mr Johnson told tonight's Downing Street press conference: 'We'll continue to work with European partners to deliver the vaccine rollout. 'All I can say is we in this country don't believe in blockades of any kind of vaccines or vaccine materials. 'It's not something that this country would dream of engaging in and I'm encouraged in some of the things I've heard from the continent in the same sense.' Downing Street did not deny reports that AstraZeneca vaccines manufactured at the Halix facility in the Netherlands could be shared with the EU as a peace offering to prevent an export ban. Chancellor Angela Merkel threw her support behind the move today, which  has also been advocated by European Commission president Ursula von der Leyen - her former defence minister. A spokesman for Mrs Merkel said factories in EU countries had exported 34million doses to 30 countries, but that those in Britain and the US had shipped 'almost nothing' the other way.  A senior French minister also explicitly warned exports of the jab to Britain could be halted unless more were supplied to EU nations. In a sign of how far Europe is behind the UK, Emmanuel Macron announced today that the age from which people can be vaccinated against Covid-19 virus would be lowered to 70 from 75 from Saturday.  French Europe Minister Clement Beaune, a close ally of President Macron, directly threatened exports to the UK today, telling France Info radio: 'AstraZeneca says ''I am experiencing delays'', we say ''mobilise your plants for us and if you don't, we will block exports to the UK''.' He said that such a move would be discussed at a European summit at the end of this week, adding: 'We want to avoid that AstraZeneca doses produced in Europe go to Britain when we are not receiving anything.'  The hardline approach of some EU states -  which has been attacked as 'vaccine nationalism - has created a schism in the block, as other countries including Ireland warning it would be disastrous.  Tensions are surging as world leaders argue over millions of doses of the Oxford jab that are reportedly being stored in a factory in the Netherlands. Neither the EU nor UK has an obvious claim to the stockpile but both want a slice of it. Boris Johnson is allegedly considering an offer to split the stash with the EU to avoid a blockade.  Mrs Merkel this morning said: 'I support Commission President Ursula von der Leyen. We have a problem with AstraZeneca.' And one of her ministers also deepened the ongoing row with an attack on the Anglo-Swedish firm. 'For us, it is very, very important that everyone lives up to their responsibilities,' Europe minister Michael Roth said this morning. 'Everyone has to stick to their commitments, this is clearly also true for companies that have promised the delivery of vaccine contingents.'  The row appears to be revolving around vaccine supplies being made at a factory in Leiden, Netherlands. Neither the UK nor EU is currently using the vaccine the plant is making but Britain has ruffled feathers by importing some to add to stocks being made in its own factories at a time when the EU claims AstraZeneca is under-delivering in Europe.  Merkel's comment comes as European leaders are divided over whether to press ahead with an extraordinary ban on vaccine exports to Britain. But the issue has triggered a major rift among leaders of member states ahead of a key summit on Thursday. One senior EU official described internal talks on the issue as a 'total s*** show'. Boris Johnson has launched a diplomatic offensive in recent days in a bid to head off a ban which could delay the UK's vaccine programme. The PM has sent his senior adviser Lord Lister to India for talks on unblocking a shipment of five million doses of the AstraZeneca vaccine delayed last week on orders of the New Delhi government. Government sources confirmed that the Prime Minister held private talks with Angela Merkel and Emmanuel Macron on Sunday in a bid to defuse the row. But he appears to have failed as both have come out in favour of the ban if Europe can't negotiate a better supply deal with AstraZeneca.  Mr Johnson played down the threat yesterday, saying he was 'reassured by talking to EU partners over the last few months that they don't want to see blockades'. However, some ministers are alarmed by the protectionist rhetoric emerging from the EU and fear Brussels will press ahead with the ban in a bid to distract attention from the dismal performance of its own vaccine rollout. One insider said: 'It is madness, but for some politicians it is easier to have a row with AstraZeneca and Britain than to have people focusing on the contracts they didn't get.'   Mrs von der Leyen warned last week she was ready to block vaccine exports to the UK as part of a 'Europe first' agenda designed to ensure that AstraZeneca and other drug firms meet their commitments to the bloc before supplying others. A spokesman for Mrs Merkel said factories in EU countries had exported 34million doses to 30 countries, but that those in Britain and the US had shipped 'almost nothing'. During a phone call on Sunday she told Mr Johnson that Mrs von der Leyen was right to be considering ways to further restrict shipments. French Europe Minister Clement Beaune, a close ally of Mr Macron, said Paris also backed Mrs von der Leyen's plans. 'This must be the strategy of a Europe that moves faster and defends its interests: produce more, enforce contracts, and control exports,' he said. But a string of other EU countries are alarmed by the idea of blocking exports, amid fears it could do serious international damage to its reputation as a place to do business. Irish Taoiseach Micheal Martin warned that a ban would be 'a very retrograde step' which would prove counter-productive. Mr Martin, who could face the prospect of the EU imposing a hard border with Northern Ireland to prevent vaccines entering the UK, said he had made it 'very clear' to fellow leaders he was opposed. 'They're not EU vaccines,' he said. 'These are vaccines paid for by other countries that are manufactured in Europe.' President of the EU Commission, Ursula von der Leyen, has been leading calls for Europe to stop shipping Covid vaccines to other countries before it can provide for its own citizens The row appears to be revolving around vaccine supplies being made at a factory in Leiden, Netherlands. Neither the UK nor EU is currently using the vaccine the plant is making but Britain has ruffled feathers by importing some to add to stocks being made in its own factories at a time when AstraZeneca is under-delivering in Europe The Netherlands also opposes the jab ban, with Dutch PM Mark Rutte pushing for emergency talks between Mr Johnson, Mrs von der Leyen and AstraZeneca to thrash out a compromise. A British chemicals maker could disrupt the EU supply of Pfizer jabs if the bloc tries to bring in an export ban. Croda International, based in Snaith, East Yorkshire, makes key ingredients for the fatty droplet used to deliver the genetic code within the vaccine into the body. This has reportedly allowed Pfizer to warn EU leaders that production at its main factory in Belgium could 'grind to a halt' within weeks if the UK stopped Croda deliveries from crossing the Channel.  Croda, better known for making ingredients in shampoo and sun cream, has a five-year deal with Pfizer which it has said will boost sales by at least £90million this year. The contract means there could be an option to fight back if the EU does stop vaccine exports to the UK.  A spokesman for Croda, which does not make the vaccine ingredients in Snaith but elsewhere in the UK, said the company 'is supplying lipid components manufactured in the UK and the US to multiple Pfizer facilities'. EU sources yesterday suggested the first action against the UK was likely to be a block on the export of AstraZeneca vaccines from the Halix plant in the Netherlands. The Dutch plan would see No 10 agree to free up some production capacity at the plant, which currently supplies only Britain, to make jabs for Europe as well. A senior Dutch government source said Mr Rutte wants to avoid a 'lose-lose scenario' where Brussels forces his country to block exports: 'We must avoid a tipping point whereby exporting to third countries becomes problematic.' Belgium also opposes the ban, fearing it could hamper supply chains worldwide. The Pfizer jab is produced there. UK sources played down the idea of a compromise that would allow the sharing of vaccines produced at the Halix plant. A source said there had been 'no indication of that'. Health sources insisted that the bulk of the Britain's AstraZeneca supplies are manufactured in the UK. The PM's spokesman said: 'We have said throughout the vaccination programme that supplies will fluctuate, but we remain confident in our supplies.' However, one independent analysis suggested a total EU export ban could push the UK's vaccination programme back by two months, potentially delaying Mr Johnson's road map for lifting the Covid lockdown. Whitehall sources played down this estimate but confirmed ministers had been warned a ban by the EU could hit supplies during May and June. Vaccine supplies are already due to dip next month because of the delay to the shipment from India. Downing Street said the vaccine rollout had to remain an 'international effort'. The PM's spokesman told reporters Britain expects the EU to continue to stand by its commitment, adding: 'It's important that the whole world works together.' US health chiefs have accused AstraZeneca of sending 'outdated information' as part of an application to get its Covid vaccine approved for use on Americans. The drug giant, which is manufacturing Oxford University's jab, revealed yesterday that a US-specific trial found the vaccine prevented 100 percent of hospital admissions and deaths from Covid, along with 79 percent of all symptomatic infections. It said it hoped to get a licence from drug regulators within weeks. Experts on the Data and Safety Monitoring Board, a secretive committee inside the National Institutes for Health that is vetting Covid vaccines, raised the alarm yesterday when AstraZeneca announced interim results. The issue only came to light when the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) put out an 'unprecedented' public statement accusing the drug-maker of not giving watchdogs the full details from a study of the jab, urging the firm to share more information 'as soon as possible'. But, he added: 'It really is unfortunate that this happened. This is really what you call an unforced error because the fact is this is really very likely a very good vaccine, and this kind of thing does...nothing but really cast some doubt about the vaccines and maybe contribute to the hesitancy [of Americans to get the shot].'  The hiccup is latest in a string of PR disasters for AstraZeneca, which has faced constant criticism over its jab with European officials first claiming it didn't work on older people and later that it caused blood clots – neither of which turned out to be true. UK and EU officials are now rowing over supplies.   Real-world data proves that the vaccine is protecting people against Covid in the UK, which has given the jab to over 13 million people since it was approved in January. It means any updated figures are unlikely to change the regulator's decision but must be examined thoroughly.  So far, there is no indication that the scuffle over AstraZeneca's press release will change its plans to ask the FDA for Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to authorize its vaccine in the coming weeks, or the shots odds of getting the expected green light from regulators next month.  AstraZeneca, whose North American headquarters (pictured left) are in Wilmington, Delaware, was asked Monday for more data. Pictured right, vials of the firm's vaccine However, the FDA had already said AstraZeneca would likely face more scrutiny during its review meeting and process.  And the allegedly 'outdated' data in Monday's press release will undoubtedly be added to regulators' list of questions.  The full statement read: 'Late Monday, the Data and Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) notified NIAID, BARDA, and AstraZeneca that it was concerned by information released by AstraZeneca on initial data from its Covid vaccine clinical trial.  'The DSMB expressed concern that AstraZeneca may have included outdated information from that trial, which may have provided an incomplete view of the efficacy data.  'We urge the company to work with the DSMB to review the efficacy data and ensure the most accurate, up-to-date efficacy data be made public as quickly as possible.' Covid vaccines can't be rolled out in the US until they are approved by the FDA and the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), who rely on independent committees such as the DSMB to rigorously review the evidence.  The DSMB - which is run through the NIAID - is made up of around 10 to 15 leading scientists and statisticians who have no ties to the Government or the drug firms making the jabs.  'It is not unknown for a [regulator] to disagree with investigators over interpretation of trial results but it is usually done in private, so this is unprecedented in my opinion,' said Professor Stephen Evans, a vaccines expert at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine.  'I have said frequently that 'headline' estimates of efficacy being compared between trials is very unreliable. 'The DSMB [Data and Safety Monitoring Board] has responsibility essentially for safety of participants, not efficacy unless it is either so high or so low or negative that it is unethical to continue to randomize, so in some senses they might be seen to be exceeding their brief...  'One explanation might well be that this trial is currently being conducted when there is a large amount of a new variant about more recently, and, as might be expected, the efficacy against that variant might be less, so more recent data shows reduced efficacy. Of course the other vaccines may also show such reduced efficacy and we don't know by how much. 'It does not leave me concerned particularly unless they had found a safety issue that was being hidden, which does not appear to be the case.'  Dr Peter English, former editor of Vaccines in Practice Magazine and a former British Medical Association official, said the statement was 'problematic in various ways'.  He said: 'In my opinion this is shamefully bad communication by NIH as with their lack of clarity they have left room for speculation which could be damaging for vaccine uptake.' And Dr Stephen Griffin, an associate professor of medicine at the University of Leeds, said the issue 'highlights the importance of data being provided at the same time as summaries being made public'.  He added: 'Naturally, the news yesterday was taken in good faith and the issues raised by the DSMB may be a mere technicality, yet this won't be clear until we have full disclosure.  'Nevertheless, we must ensure that issues such as this are dealt with appropriately and that idle speculation is not seized upon by groups seeking to undermine faith in vaccination programmes.' Oxford University yesterday published interim results of a trial done in the US, Chile and Peru that found its jab prevented 100 percent of severe Covid cases and 79 percent of all symptomatic infections. It had been carried out because US regulators the FDA wanted a trial done on Americans before it would approve the jab, choosing not to use data from Oxford's tests in the UK, South Africa and Brazil.   And the study found the vaccine works just as well in over-65s as it does in younger people – it was the largest one so far conducted on older people, including more than 6,000 of them. Three days after testing positive, Robin suddenly felt so weak while out in the garden he couldn't lift his arms to use the hedge clippers Robin McNelis's Covid-19 symptoms were so mild he didn't know he'd had the disease. It was only when a routine test at the hospital where he works as a respiratory physiotherapist came back positive that he found out his headache and fatigue were caused by the virus. 'I was surprised to be told I had tested positive and should stay off work,' says Robin, 47, who lives in Stapleford Abbotts, Essex, with his wife Nikki, 45, a project manager, and daughter Maya, 13. 'I'd had no temperature or dry cough, but had lost my senses of taste and smell. I thought I'd got off lightly.' But three days after testing positive, Robin suddenly felt so weak while out in the garden he couldn't lift his arms to use the hedge clippers. 'I lost my balance and felt dizzy, falling to the ground, twice,' he says. 'I sat down on a garden bench and immediately fell asleep for about five minutes. Then I got up and went back into the house, but struggled to walk up the stairs.' None of this made sense. As a seasoned marathon runner, Robin was exceptionally fit. But the problems continued. He had to keep stopping when walking uphill, and felt a tightness across his chest and back when exercising. After three weeks off, he returned to work at the private Wellington Hospital in London. However, he was still struggling with fatigue, chest pain and weak legs, so he was referred for a telephone assessment with a GP. 'The GP asked me to measure my blood oxygen levels after climbing the stairs,' says Robin, who used a pulse oximeter, which measures blood oxygen levels by sending light through the tiny blood vessels in the fingertip. 'My levels were good but, two hours later, I was still short of breath,' he recalls. A respiratory consultant sent Robin for a lung scan, which revealed that a small blood clot was causing the symptoms. Robin was told that the virus had made his blood 'sticky', encouraging blood cells to clump together to form a clot, which can be fatal if it blocks blood flow to the lungs. Smaller clots, as in Robin's case, can cause breathlessness as well as chest pain. 'They weren't sure if the clot had formed in the lung, or whether it was a clot that had developed in the deep veins of the legs or pelvis, that had broken off and travelled to the lungs,' says Robin. He was put on blood thinners to disperse the clot and prevent more forming. But he was fortunate that the outcome wasn't far worse.  The trial — which involved 32,000 people in total — also confirmed the vaccine doesn't increase the risk of blood clots, which is a confidence boost after safety concerns in Europe rattled public faith in the jab last week.  Two doses were given four weeks apart in the study and the effectiveness of a single dose was not reported. Full results from the trial are expected to be published later in the year.  Trump's administration made a deal with AstraZeneca last year for 300 million doses and the federal government is currently sitting on nearly 30million which can't be used until the shot is authorized by the FDA.  But this process has been delayed now, too, with officials having to wait until AstraZeneca sends the specific data they want. It is unclear how much of a delay the issue will cause, but the authorisation had been expected in April. Experts said the news about the hold-up was concerning. Professor Francois Balloux, a biologist at University College London, said: 'This is a highly unusual statement by the US National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID).  'It comes close to accusing Oxford/AZ of having willfully misrepresented some results from their recent US vaccine trial.' And Professor Angela Rasmussen, a virologist at Georgetown University, said: 'If nothing else Oxford/AstraZeneca continues their perfect record of sharing trial data in the most confusing way possible.'  Oxford's Professor Andrew Pollard, who runs the vaccine trials, said the results were 'remarkable', and its inventor Professor Sarah Gilbert said she was 'very pleased'. The jab-makers were in need of good press after the past fortnight saw more than a dozen European countries shun the jab amid fears it could cause blood clots on the brain – on which most have now backed down, although Sweden, Denmark and Norway are still hesitating and refusing to use it.  Meanwhile, Boris Johnson is preparing to call for EU leaders to shun 'vaccine nationalism' amid fears they will ban exports of vaccines because AstraZeneca is delivery on expectations in Britain but not in Europe, where it has allegedly only provided a third of the number of doses that were expected by the end of March. Britain will also have to cope with five million fewer doses of the jab than expected in April because an expected shipment from India has been cancelled.  This is expected to mean the vaccine drive, which gave out a record 844,285 jabs on Sunday, will have to stick mainly to second doses instead of new patients. Some 32,449 people across all age groups took part in the phase three trial in the US, Chile and Peru, with a total of 141 cases of symptomatic Covid reported.  Around two thirds of all the participants had the real vaccine – 21,583 – and the rest had a fake jab so the effects could be compared. Full results of the trial have not yet been published. The initial results showed that among people aged 65 and over, there was 80 percent protection against developing symptomatic Covid, Oxford said. This comes after officials in Europe, who had smeared the vaccine on yet another occasion, claimed that the vaccine didn't work on people over 55 and tried to prevent it being used on elderly people. The US trial initially found that the Oxford/AstraZeneca vaccine was more effective than expected after results from the UK trial – while both found it to be 100 percent effective at preventing hospital admission or death, the US one saw it prevent 79 percent of all infections compared to 76 percent in the UK Confidence in Oxford/AstraZeneca's Covid-19 vaccine has plunged across Europe, polls show. European leaders paused the rollout of the jab last week over fears it caused blood clots. The European Medicines Agency later said the vaccine was not associated with a higher clotting risk. Nevertheless, more people in France (61 percent), Germany (55 percent) and Italy (43 percent) now believe the jab is unsafe, according to YouGov. In France, this was a jump of 18 points since February, while in Italy it was a mammoth 27-point rise. Faith in the vaccine in the UK was dented less but still fell. Nine percent of people said the jab was unsafe, a jump of four points. But more than three quarters of Britons still say both the AstraZeneca and Pfizer jabs are safe. YouGov lead data journalist Matt Smith said the European leaders' concerns over the vaccine undoubtedly damaged its reputation. He said: 'Not only have we seen considerable rises in those who consider it unsafe in the last two weeks in Europe, the AstraZeneca vaccine continues to be seen as substantially less safe than its Pfizer and Moderna counterparts. 'With a third wave of infections potentially emerging now across the Channel, officials everywhere will be worried if ongoing rows about AstraZeneca's vaccine ends up damaging the rollout.' Overall the study, which officials said was incomplete, found that the effectiveness of the jab against symptomatic Covid was even higher than it had been in the original trials that took place in the UK, South Africa and Brazil. 'These results are great news as they show the remarkable efficacy of the vaccine in a new population and are consistent with the results from Oxford-led trials,' said Professor Pollard. 'We can expect strong impact against COVID-19 across all ages and for people of all different backgrounds from widespread use of the vaccine.'  AstraZeneca has not yet published the full results of the trial, but its press release does not address whether or not the US trial screened participants for variants.  The older 'wild-type' coronavirus is still dominant in the US, but the UK's B117 variant is gaining ground, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) lists four additional variants as 'concerning.'  In prior trials, the AstraZeneca shot was equally effective against B117, and worked well in Brazil where the P1 variant is dominant.  But it performed poorly in South Africa, where the B1351 variant is dominant.  Nonetheless, US health authorities are eager to add a fourth vaccine to the American arsenal.  AstraZeneca's shot has already been authorized in more than 50 countries around the world, and has helped the UK's vaccination campaign to race ahead of the America's.   AstraZeneca's US trial got a late start compared to its other global tests, beginning on August 28.  Trials were also protracted after the death of a participant in Brazil last year. American regulators dragged out the trial pause even after other countries resumed their tests. AstraZeneca's trial wasn't allowed to resume for more than six weeks.   After European leaders this month claimed people were developing brain blood clots and even dying after having the AstraZeneca vaccine, inspectors looked at the risk of blood clots and found it was not increased at all. They looked at a specific condition that had scared officials in Germany, called cerebral venous sinus thrombosis, and found there wasn't a single case recorded in the clinical trial.  The European Medicines Agency itself – which first launched an investigation and triggered panic across the continent – last week admitted there was no proof of a link to blood clots and backed down on its warning. Health officials around the world, including Britain's regulator the MHRA and the World Health Organization, have urged countries to keep using the vaccine to stamp out coronavirus. Professor Sarah Gilbert, the Oxford scientist who invented the jab, said on BBC Radio 4 today: 'I'm very pleased to see these results. 'Another large trial in different countries to what we had before again reporting on the safety and high efficacy of this vaccine, so it's really good news to see that.' She added: '20 percent of people in this trial were over the age of 65 and there was no drop in protection for those people. It was just as good in the over-65s as it was in the younger people and that's very clear from this trial.'   On Europe's concerns, Professor Gilbert said: 'I'd say the balance remains hugely in favour of using this vaccine. Across Europe there are thousands of deaths a day occurring from COVID. 'It's really important that we get the chance to protect people as quickly as possible, this vaccine is available for use in Europe and it will save lives.'  AstraZeneca said leaving an interval longer than four weeks – as is happening in the UK – can increase efficacy and 'accelerates the number of people who can receive their first dose'. This is understood to be because it allows the body to cement the immunity from the first dose before the second – the booster dose – provokes a second, separate reaction and lets the already established protection strengthen itself.  As part of an agreement with Oxford, AstraZeneca is supplying the vaccine on a not-for-profit basis for the duration of the pandemic and in perpetuity for low and middle-income countries. The news comes as polling for YouGov suggests confidence in the safety of the vaccine has dropped in the last two weeks in Spain, Germany, France and Italy. Some 55 percent of Germans said the AstraZeneca vaccine is unsafe while 32 percent said it is safe. AstraZeneca's vaccine was already seen as unsafe in France but concerns have increased even further, with 61 percent now saying it is unsafe while 23 percent say it is safe, according to the survey of almost 9,000 people in seven countries. More than a dozen European countries suspended use of the vaccine over concerns about blood clots, although most have now resumed its use. The European Medicines Agency and the World Health Organization (WHO) have ruled that the AstraZeneca jab is safe and effective.  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",5486,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886204594,2021-03-23 06:32:34,Incredible moment skipper saves houseboats from a steel container surging down river,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392161/Incredible-moment-skipper-saves-houseboats-steel-container-surging-river.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 40 Over a dozen houseboats were saved by a quick-thinking skipper who stopped a floating container from crushing the marina. The floating shipping container was surging down the Hawkesbury River at Webbs Creek Ferry, north west of Sydney. Incredible footage shows the blue shipping container on a destructive path towards the houseboats before the vessel about half its size drives towards it and gently guides it away. The skipper was left with only a few metres between the container and the houseboats The container that one viewer said weighed over four tonne was on a path of destruction Footage shows the massive container hitting the Webbs Creek Ferry barge and visibly moving it before it continues down stream towards the houseboats. The fast-acting skipper put his boat between the container and the marina to save more than a dozen houseboats.  Record floods and rainfall hits the NSW east coast resulting in many evacuation warnings.  Today, NSW SES issued another flood evacuation warning for residents located in the lower reaches along the Hawkesbury River from Wisemans Ferry to Brooklyn.  Before the boat was stopped from hitting the houseboats it crashed into this barge and moved it off line The much smaller boat gently let the container drift on past the marina without endangering of the other boats NSW SES issued evacuation warnings as there has been widespread flooding in the Hawkesbury area NSW Premier Gladys Berejiklian said she is worried about 'worsening conditions' set to hit parts of the state again today with the Hawkesbury and Colo River areas now the primary areas of concern, 9News reported.   'About 18,000 people have been evacuated,' she said. 'An additional 15,000 people may need to be evacuated.' Ms Berejiklian said 'massive water flows' are expected in rivers through the week, even after the rain stops NSW SES have begun using surf life saving boats to navigate their way around on the overflowing Hawkesbury River Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",340,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886195585,2021-03-23 05:30:00,Pfizer Goes It Alone to Expand Vaccine Business Beyond Covid-19,https://www.wsj.com/articles/pfizer-goes-it-alone-to-expand-vaccine-business-beyond-covid-19-pandemic-11616491800?mod=pls_whats_news_us_business_f,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,WSJ Membership Customer Service Tools & Features Ads More Dow Jones Products ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886183735,2021-03-23 06:00:28,Why the concrete in public works projects lasts for generations but your driveway doesn’t,https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2021/03/09/why-concrete-public-works-projects-lasts-generations-your-driveway-doesnt/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_business,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"You may be holed up in your home as I am. Lately, I’ve been spending some time looking at the thousands of photographs I’ve shot over the past few years. When I travel and see something interesting about construction, building or historical value, I always try to capture it in a photograph or short video. Three years ago, I made a trip back to my hometown, Cincinnati. When I go back, I often drive the roads I walked along or peered at through the rear windows of my mom and dad’s 1959 Chevy station wagon as they drove around. On this particular trip, I found myself on Central Parkway, a magnificent roadway built on a gravel outwash terrace created as the last continental glacier melted about 13,000 years ago. What caught my eye was the stunning guardrail that rests atop a hidden subway tunnel that runs under Central Parkway for miles. Back in the early 1900s, the leaders of Cincinnati thought it would be a wonderful idea to have a mass transit subway. They floated a bond issue and got ready to go, but World War I, the passage of the Prohibition Amendment and the great stock market crash submarined the project. Timing is everything, isn’t it? More Builder: The trick you’ll need to know to install your TV over a window By the time they started construction of this magnificent public works project, it was late January 1920. The shortage of building materials and other things caused the cost to double. The bottom line is the project ran out of money, and what’s left are miles and miles of abandoned tunnels under Central Parkway stretching all the way back to downtown Cincinnati. I used to play in the first 150 feet of these tunnels back in the early 1960s. At Dixmyth Avenue, just below my house, there were open entrances into the subway. I’d walk in until the fading light sapped my courage to go any farther. I share this with you because the architects of the project specified stunning modular cast concrete guardrails along stretches of the subway where one side of the tunnel was facing west. Here it is 100 years later, and the guardrails are in almost perfect condition, having survived brutally cold weather, decades of salt spray from winter snow and ice control on the parkway, and punishing hot weather that might pulverize the concrete from expansion. You may have concrete like the Cincinnati subway guardrails in your city or town. All you have to do is pay attention where old railroad bridges with concrete abutments cross roadways or hiking trails. It was common for the builders to cast in the date the bridge was built. You’ll commonly find concrete bridge abutments with dates in the early 1900s. Other than the cement-paste coating wearing away, the concrete in the guardrail I admired and the bridges you might see is in excellent condition. Why is this so? Why did this concrete survive and yet your driveway, sidewalk or patio cracks, spalls, dusts or otherwise looks horrible after five or 10 years? The answer is simple. The architects that designed these projects specified stronger concrete than what your contractor is most likely using. In addition, the concrete was carefully mixed, cast and cured so it would attain the maximum design strength. Stop for a moment and think about concrete in its most basic form. It has only four ingredients: rocks, sand, Portland cement and water. If you leave out the Portland cement you get what you see at the beach. Sand and stones mixed with water that you can shovel with minimal effort. Add Portland cement and you create artificial rock. The cement is the glue that binds the sand and stones together. The more cement you add, the stronger the concrete becomes. I don’t have access to the original specifications for the subway guardrails or the railroad bridges, but if I had to guess, I’d say the designers called out for concrete that might test out with a compressive strength of 7,000 pounds per square inch (PSI) or more. When you add more cement to the mix, you simply make the concrete stronger. But there’s more to it than that. Water is both a friend and foe to making concrete. You need the water to activate the Portland cement, but if you add too much water, you dilute the cement within the mix and the concrete doesn’t perform well or achieve its intended design strength. More Builder: What you need to do now to prepare your home for a disaster Once you pour or cast the concrete, you need to ensure the water used to mix the concrete doesn’t evaporate too fast. The chemical reaction that transforms the plastic concrete from a mix like baked beans into a solid artificial rock continues for months and months. The water inside the concrete needs to stay there to fuel this reaction that makes the concrete get stronger and stronger. You achieve this by curing the concrete. You can keep it wet or apply a spray-on membrane that stops water from leaving the mass. Years ago the builders understood all this. There were master builders, journeymen and apprentices on the job. It took years for knowledge to build up in a workman’s brain. This system of knowledge transfer has been abandoned for the most part in the residential field of construction, the place where you depend upon it most for work around your home. How you’ve probably been misusing your kitchen exhaust fan Ideas to hide pipes when reconfiguring your plumbing  How to stop the hammering sounds in your water line The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",960,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886183727,2021-03-23 06:00:49,Why it will be years before robot butlers take over your household chores,https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2021/03/23/future-robots-home-jetsons/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_business,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"What tasks would you have a home robot do for you if you could? Cook dinner. Do the dishes. Fold the laundry. Likely, other ordinary chores. Now how much would you be willing to pay for that? Probably not much — or at least not nearly what it would cost to produce such a life-changing device. There lies the crux of the issue. But how likely is it that you’ll ever be able to own a true robotic butler? In fact, companies are having a hard time commercializing anything more complex than a Roomba — which has been vacuuming houses for 20 years. Chore robots could take many forms. It could be humanoid, like Rosie. It might look more like a pet. No one really knows what might catch on. But we talked to some leaders in the space to find out what hurdles need to be solved before complex household robots could actually happen. One innovation we won’t be seeing soon: Over-the-air charging Right now, robots are doing well in factories where there’s plenty of space, no small kids around and employees wearing protective gear. They’re really good at completing a single repetitive task, like screwing on a wheel. But imagine introducing machinery with legs and lifting capabilities into your home where things can and do go wrong. What if it falls on someone, or a software update causes it to go haywire? It’s funny on “The Jetsons,” but it wouldn’t be so comical if your grandmother were on the receiving end. That's a significant challenge. The biggest problem is safety, according to Marc Raibert, former CEO, and now chairman of Boston Dynamics, a robotics pioneer responsible for agile, animallike robots. It’s not that the safety issues at home can’t be solved. It’s that they haven’t been solved yet, robotics companies say. And making elaborate machines more household-friendly will almost certainly up the price. Today’s mobile robots for factories can cost twice as much as an average new car. Take the robotic dog Spot, for example. It runs for about $75,000 without the arm attachment that makes it useful for transporting things. Without the arm, it’s basically a mobile surveillance machine. A humanoid robotic butler capable of autonomously completing a variety of tasks today could easily cost 10 times as much. And robotics experts say people on the market for such a thing wouldn’t be willing to pay more than a few thousand dollars. Anything higher than that, and it might be cheaper to pay a human to do the job. And humans just might do it better. Robots also have a dexterity problem. Most can maybe pinch, grasp or use suction to hold an object. Meanwhile, humans with 10 fingers can manipulate things that come in various shapes and textures. Robotic limbs with humanlike flexibility do exist, but they cost tens of thousands of dollars to produce. “The age of grasping is still a long way away. It is a very hard problem to solve at a mass consumption price point,” said Tim Enwall, CEO of Misty Robotics, a hardware company that builds personal robots for homes and offices. Another challenge is that robots don’t know much about the world they’re operating in. You can teach them what an object looks like, but robotic butlers would also need to understand where in your home it’s located. Take, for example, a simple task like taking a drink to the fridge. A machine would need to understand your command and be capable of autonomously navigating your home’s unique layout without spilling anything. It also needs to understand which room in your house is the kitchen. That type of data requires collaborative input from consumers, and it’s something iRobot is working on by letting Roomba users mark where things are in their homes. “The reason why iRobot doesn’t sell a robot with an arm is because we don’t know where anything is,” said Colin Angle, chairman and founder of iRobot. “We’re trying to get a better idea of what you actually want to do. That’s useful for your cleaning robot, but it’s imperative for whatever next robot you’re interested in buying.” So when will something more advanced than a smart vacuum cleaner actually make an impact? Most say it’ll be decades from now. “I do think we’ll find uses for home robots in the next eight to 10 years,” Raibert said. “Someone will pioneer a lower-cost mechanism that does a useful set of things. I do believe it; it’s just not tomorrow.” The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",768,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886183710,2021-03-23 05:00:42,Wall Street’s march into China increasingly at odds with Biden’s tough stance,https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2021/03/23/goldman-sachs-china-biden/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_business,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"National security adviser Jake Sullivan singled out Goldman Sachs by name when he briefed reporters last month on the Biden administration’s new approach to trade policy. But Sullivan didn’t offer the customary praise for a bank that has produced treasury secretaries for presidents of both parties and historically has wielded as much influence in Washington as in New York. “Our priority is not to get access for Goldman Sachs in China,” Sullivan said at the White House. “Our priority is to make sure that we are dealing with China’s trade abuses that are harming American jobs and American workers in the United States.” The Biden administration gets a taste of China’s ‘wolf warrior’ diplomacy Sullivan’s remarks may have been a blow to Goldman’s pride, but they left its overseas ambitions intact. Despite the rebuke, and the deteriorating U.S.-China relationship, Goldman is on the brink of achieving a decades-old dream: becoming the first foreign bank to obtain 100 percent ownership of its Chinese joint venture. Goldman’s determined march into China shows how the interests of corporate America and the White House are continuing to diverge despite the election of a more conventional president. Hundreds of billions of dollars in contracts and capital flows could depend on how the corporate world adapts to the Biden administration’s largely confrontational approach to a rising China. “China has tried to use Wall Street in the past to provide ballast in the relationship,” said Ryan Hass, a former Obama administration China specialist. “The Chinese are surprisingly confident that they’re going to be able to enlist the financial services sector and corporate chieftains to nudge the Biden administration in their preferred direction. But I expect China’s efforts to have a diminished influence on Biden relative to previous administrations.” That’s because in this populist age, banks and corporations are no longer playing their traditional role in shaping U.S. trade policy. The White House separation from big business originated under president Donald Trump. Robert E. Lighthizer, his chief trade negotiator and a former lawyer for U.S. Steel, startled corporate representatives early in his tenure by disparaging them as “special interests” in appearances before the Business Roundtable and the U.S.-China Business Council. Biden administration shows appetite for high-profile fights with China and Russia Lighthizer assembled a new trade coalition involving labor-friendly Democrats in Congress. When he negotiated a North American trade deal, he eliminated special tribunals that allowed corporations to end-run Mexico’s legal system, calling it an implicit subsidy for offshoring. Biden endorsed that stance during the 2020 campaign, an early sign of common ground between the restorationist Democrat and his disruptive Republican predecessor. Still, there were limits to the corporate eclipse. Wall Street was among the big winners in Trump’s China trade deal. In January 2020, when he hosted an elaborate White House signing ceremony, the East Room welcomed dozens of chief executives including financiers from Citibank and JPMorgan Chase. General Motors has sold more cars in China than in the United States for 11 consecutive years. Apple’s sales in China, including Hong Kong and Taiwan, rose by 57 percent last quarter, almost five times its growth back home. Overall, the United States is buying more Chinese goods each month than it was before the trade war that began in 2018. But policymakers who once saw commerce as a way to knit a rising China into the global system now increasingly fear it could make a hostile nation only more powerful. Technology companies already have begun thinning their ties to China under U.S. government pressure. Additional restrictions on American trade and investment flows may loom. “We’re watching very, very closely so we don’t get caught out in shifting sands,” said one financial industry executive, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss the political climate. Goldman is an example of U.S. corporations’ patient cultivation of Chinese profits. Over four decades of economic reform, foreign bankers’ fortunes in China have waxed and waned. Former treasury secretary Hank Paulson, who presided over Goldman’s early successes in China as the bank’s president and chief operating officer, likened Western bankers in the 1990s to “Promethean figures,” writing in his memoirs: “We jetted in and competed to show the Chinese how to kindle the fire of capital markets.” The 2008 financial crisis, however, disabused Chinese officials of any heroic notions about the visiting financiers. Beijing instead worried that rushed market openings might destabilize the financial system. Goldman opened its first China offices, in Beijing and Shanghai, five years after Deng Xiaoping used Chinese tanks to quell pro-democracy protests in Tiananmen Square. In 2004, the bank launched a joint venture with Beijing Gao Hua Securities, taking the maximum permitted one-third stake for foreign investors. Goldman’s Chinese operation had lofty goals but delivered anemic profits. During the past three years, the bank’s entire Asia operation generated just $1.1 billion of Goldman’s $28.4 billion net income, according to securities filings. Goldman’s private wealth management unit covets China’s affluent urban professionals as customers for investment advice. Foreign investors have been pumping money into Chinese financial markets, lured by higher interest rates and a rising local currency, which inflates their dollar profits. “The investment banks are operating in politically much more treacherous waters than they were just a few years ago, given both the domestic political atmosphere and the continuing U.S.-China tensions. But as long as they can navigate the rough seas, they can make quite a bit of money,” said Andrew Collier, managing director at Orient Capital Research in Hong Kong. “Congress can put modest limits on the exposure of Western capital to China but realistically can’t close the door completely.” U.S. investors hold about $1.1 trillion in stocks and about $100 billion in bonds issued by Chinese entities, about five times what is captured in official U.S. statistics, according to a report by Rhodium Group and the National Committee on U.S.-China Relations. By the end of 2020, Goldman had extended $17.5 billion in financing to Chinese companies and government agencies, almost twice the figure from two years earlier, according to its securities filings. During the next five years, the bank plans to double its local workforce to about 600. For its part, China wants to cultivate foreign executives as sympathetic voices in their home countries while obtaining foreign expertise to make its financial markets a more efficient way for bank-dependent Chinese companies to raise cash. “The Chinese are going to increasingly permit U.S. financial institutions to operate in China. It benefits both the U.S. and China to have that integration,” said Brent McIntosh of the Council on Foreign Relations, who until January was the Treasury Department’s top diplomat. “The question is: Do the other sources of tension in the relationship bleed over and make business more difficult for them?” U.S. banks are increasingly worried that their compliance with the growing number of U.S. financial sanctions on Chinese officials and companies will leave them vulnerable to retaliation by Beijing. “Industry is still trying to figure out how to thread the needle and keep in the good graces of both Washington and Beijing,” said Scott Kennedy, senior adviser at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. “I don’t think they’re figured that out yet.” In the waning days of the Trump administration, the United States levied sanctions on Chinese officials for repressing the Hong Kong democracy movement, banned cotton imports from Muslim-majority Xinjiang province following U.S. allegations of genocide and barred U.S. investment in companies linked to China’s People’s Liberation Army. Those restrictions are expected to have only a limited impact on the U.S. financial industry. But Wall Street worries that a further deterioration in relations, magnified by a political dynamic in Washington that makes it nearly impossible to be too tough on China, could upset its plans. “Wall Street is worried the military list will become a slippery slope,” said Derek Scissors, a China specialist at the American Enterprise Institute. Already, Secretary of State Antony Blinken has endorsed his predecessor’s assessment that Chinese policies in Xinjiang — where more than 1 million Muslims have been detained in government-run camps — amount to genocide. On Monday, the Treasury Department announced financial sanctions on two senior Chinese officials tied to the ongoing human rights abuses there. That came just days after  the administration imposed  sanctions on 24 Chinese officials it said were linked to repression in Hong Kong. Among those targeted was Wang Chen, a member of the Communist Party’s ruling Politburo. Redrawing the limits of appropriate ties to the world’s second-largest economy is one of the few Washington issues that commands bipartisan backing. “There is no doubt that America can and must do more to restrict the flow of U.S. dollars into China. Wall Street and the genocidal regime in Beijing are the chief beneficiaries of the status quo,” said Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), a prominent critic of the Chinese government. But any new investment restrictions could boomerang on the U.S. economy and the Biden administration, said Dan Rosen, a founding partner of Rhodium Group, an independent research provider. To compete economically with China, the United States needs a sophisticated financial industry, which requires experience in the second-largest economy in the world. “Wall Street and Main Street are in this together, whether they like it or not,” Rosen said. The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",1560,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886206833,2021-03-23 05:34:18,Emotional Zlatan Ibrahimovic reduced to tears on return to Sweden squad,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/ay3oEgqBbrM/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,"By Ben Morse, CNN ",5,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886206822,2021-03-23 05:34:57,Riding with strangers: Life on the Lahore Metrobus,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/ahUjZ4lXMGQ/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886206816,2021-03-23 05:48:11,Olympic silver medalist Ryo Miyake delivers food for Uber Eats to fund Tokyo 2020 dream,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/DH-cLUusOhs/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886206805,2021-03-23 06:02:18,Facebook accused of failing to provide a 'safe' environment for users,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/QLEU3YeoSwc/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886206799,2021-03-23 06:13:14,America's disastrous love affair with Rwanda's Paul Kagame,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/TEQLYUlIm9w/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,Opinion by Tom Zoellner and Keir Pearson  ,9,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886187458,2021-03-23 02:28:51,"Woman beaten, dragged during brazen SF robbery after church",https://news.yahoo.com/woman-beaten-dragged-during-brazen-062851973.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"She was walking home from church on Sunday when the suspects attacked from behind and grabbed her purse. When she refused to let go, they punched her several times in the face and she was ultimately dragged by the suspects' getaway car. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? A look for the history books. Chelsea Clinton was congratulated by her parents, former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, at the finish line Here are some player grades from the Golden State Warriors' win over the Atlanta Hawks, including a grade from Steph Curry's 50-point night. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family “Some describe true friends as choosing your own family. I say it’s more like choosing your own army.” Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? ",474,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886206790,2021-03-23 06:13:47,"5 things to know for March 23: Boulder, Covid-19, Israel, White House, China",http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/EeVU9qx3Gso/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886187452,2021-03-23 05:39:15,Machine challenges leading theory of physics,https://news.yahoo.com/lhc-machine-finds-tantalising-hints-080141893.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886206784,2021-03-23 06:13:47,Chinese markets slump as tit-for-tat sanctions raise tension with US and Europe,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/4YvZp12EF5c/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886206777,2021-03-23 06:21:42,"Here comes $3 gas, just as Americans start traveling again",http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/Y3cjR5cRNNQ/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886206764,2021-03-23 06:30:12,Germany to go into hard Easter lockdown as Covid-19 infections soar,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/GgW5jt2N-Cs/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,CNN's Stephanie Halasz and Samantha Beech contributed to this report.  ,12,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886183704,2021-03-23 06:00:30,How to raise the minimum wage with only 51 Senate votes,https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2021/03/23/senate-filibuster-minimum-wage/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_business,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"If directly raising the federal minimum is off the table, as political reality in the Senate would suggest, Saez and Zucman say lawmakers could instead create a fully refundable tax credit for low-wage workers that would be financed through a new payroll tax. Here’s a simplified explanation of how it would work. First, lawmakers would define what Saez and Zucman call an “aspirational” living wage — the number they would set the federal minimum to if they could. Employers paying less than the aspirational wage would face a new payroll tax; it would be equivalent to the difference between the aspirational wage and what they actually pay employees — the wage gap. The money generated by that tax would be routed toward employee paychecks in the form of a fully refundable tax credit. Say the aspirational wage is $12 an hour, and a company pays one of its workers $10 an hour. The company would face a new payroll tax equivalent to the difference. That $2-per-hour payroll tax would, in turn, fund a comparable refundable tax credit for the employee. She added that “if Democrats were to pursue a minimum-wage increase via the tax code, they would need to figure out how it would fit in with other provisions they might want to pursue in a subsequent reconciliation bill.” Refundable tax credits are typically claimed at the end of the tax year. This is less than ideal from the worker’s standpoint, as they would have to wait until tax filing time to make up their total annual wage gap. But Saez and Zucman write that employers could be allowed to administer the credit to employees in real time, paycheck to paycheck. The advanced earned-income tax credit, which was phased out in 2010, worked this way. “The policy increases take-home pay of low wage workers and makes their employers pay for it, just like a minimum-wage increase,” Saez and Zucman write. That makes it substantively different than other minimum wage workarounds proposed by lawmakers. One drawback of Saez and Zucman’s proposal is that it is considerably more complicated than a straightforward minimum wage increase, and it imposes more administrative burdens on employers. “A direct minimum wage increase would be even simpler and hence preferable in principle,” they write. But, “this political moment requires designing policy through taxes and transfers” that are not subject to the Senate filibuster. At this point, it is unclear whether such a policy would be able to get 51 votes in the current Senate. Saez and Zucman write that they simply want to demonstrate that it is possible. “Our point is that minimum wage policy can be translated into tax policy with little loss,” they conclude. “Therefore, the US Senate cannot hide behind reconciliation rules to block it.” The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",478,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886211896,2021-03-23 06:50:34,"U.S. health officials question results from AstraZeneca’s vaccine trial, less than a day after they’re released.",https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/22/world/us-health-officials-question-results-from-astrazenecas-vaccine-trial-less-than-a-day-after-theyre-released.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement The accusation, in a two-page letter sent Monday to the company and federal officials, was a fresh blow to the credibility of a vaccine whose low price and relatively easy storage have made it critical to the global fight against the pandemic. The private letter, which was described by people who have read it, castigated AstraZeneca for jeopardizing the integrity of a closely watched clinical trial. “Decisions like this are what erode public trust in the scientific process,” the board wrote. The fight is about the degree of effectiveness of a vaccine that is undisputably effective. While AstraZeneca said on Monday that its vaccine appeared to be 79 percent effective at preventing Covid-19, the panel of independent experts said the actual number may have been between 69 percent and 74 percent. The mass availability of a vaccine with even a 69 percent efficacy rate could help the world conquer the coronavirus. But the public airing of a conflict between a pharmaceutical company and a board overseeing a clinical trial is almost unheard-of. It is certain to trigger extra scrutiny of the vaccine by the Food and Drug Administration and other regulators if, as expected, AstraZeneca seeks their authorization to use it on an emergency basis in the United States. Repeated problems with the data presented by AstraZeneca have shattered the confidence of American regulators and threaten to cast a worldwide cloud over the company’s vaccine. “Any type of thing like this could unfortunately contribute to a lack of confidence in the process,” said Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, the nation’s leading infectious disease expert. But the overnight announcement from the institute immediately raised a new set of questions about it and AstraZeneca. At issue is whether to count, in the public release of data, more recently confirmed cases of Covid-19 among participants. The oversight board pushed AstraZeneca representatives last week to go through a backlog of potential cases and classify whether they were or were not Covid-19. That had the potential to affect the vaccine’s effectiveness rate, for better or worse. The requested analysis showed that the vaccine was between 69 percent and 74 percent effective, according to the oversight board’s letter. But when AstraZeneca unveiled its interim results on Monday, the company did not count those newly classified Covid-19 cases. As a result, it reported that the vaccine appeared to be 79 percent effective at preventing the disease. Until they received the monitoring board’s letter, AstraZeneca executives weren’t aware that the panel expected them to include the updated figures in their news release, according to a person familiar with the executives’ thinking. Federal officials, however, were stunned to discover on Monday that AstraZeneca had released those results even though the monitoring board had spent days pushing for — and eventually received — updated data. By then, Dr. Fauci had publicly hailed the results at a White House briefing, and the company had been showered with positive media coverage. AstraZeneca’s shares rose about 4 percent on Monday. AstraZeneca on Tuesday defended its actions, saying the interim results appeared to be “consistent” with more recent data collected during the trial. The company said it would immediately share its latest data with the monitoring board and reissue fuller results within 48 hours. The company’s shares fell 3.5 percent on Tuesday. Last week, an apparent delay in the release of the vaccine’s interim trial results raised fresh suspicions among federal officials. In response to questions from The New York Times, an AstraZeneca spokeswoman, whom the company refused to name, said on Friday that any back and forth between the company and the monitoring board was simply run-of-the-mill dialogue. “As is often the case,” the spokeswoman said, monitoring boards “can request new or clarifying analyses of data from the trial. This would enable them to ensure the robustness of their determinations.” The U.S. trial, which involved more than 32,000 participants, was the largest test of its kind for the shot. The results AstraZeneca released on Monday were from an interim look at the data after 141 Covid-19 cases had turned up among volunteers. Advertisement ",681,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886214230,2021-03-23 05:30:00,Covid-19 Relief Law Gives Companies More Time to Fund Pensions,https://www.wsj.com/articles/covid-19-relief-law-gives-companies-more-time-to-fund-pensions-11616491801?mod=pls_whats_news_us_business_f,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,WSJ Membership Customer Service Tools & Features Ads More Dow Jones Products ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886215957,2021-03-23 06:30:00,"Bitcoin, Tesla And GameStop: 10 Numbers That Sum Up The Fastest Market Recovery Ever",https://www.forbes.com/sites/jonathanponciano/2021/03/23/bitcoin-tesla-and-gamestop-10-numbers-that-sum-up-the-fastest-market-recovery-ever/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Getty Images Some highlights: Electric carmaker Tesla is now one of the most valuable companies in the world, the cryptocurrency market has swelled to more than $1 trillion and so-called meme stocks dominate Wall Street commentary with volatile swings that force exchanges to halt trading. It’s still unclear how long the new bull market can last, but one year after one of the worst stock market crashes in history, here's a look at its monumental recovery. The S&P 500 has skyrocketed over the past year, hitting its latest high on Wednesday and marking what LPL Financial Chief Market Strategist Ryan Detrick calls the “best start to a bull market ever.” It took just five months for the index to recover its steep Covid-induced losses, the fastest recovery ever for a correction of more than 30%. To compare, it took the S&P a staggering 20 months to recover after the index crashed by 34% in 1987. High-flying technology stocks like Amazon, Zoom and Tesla led the market to new highs last year, but this year, energy stocks have been heading up the index’s resurgence. The S&P 500 Energy Index is still about 10% off its prepandemic levels, but it’s surged 103% over the past year. Materials and financials aren’t far behind, climbing 92% and 90%, respectively.  The Dow, which counts 30 market leaders in its ranks, has also soared 76% over the past year, though its pandemic low was on March 16, one week before the S&P's trough. A testament to the economy’s impending recovery, cyclical stocks–which tend to outperform during periods of growth but fall hard during recessions–have driven the index's gains. Top performer Boeing tanked more than 70% in the pandemic’s early days, but it’s rocketed 165% over the past year. Meanwhile, storied investment bank Goldman Sachs nabs the Dow’s second-biggest gain, surging 145% as analysts look toward financials to lead the market this year. Equipment maker Caterpillar, commodities giant Dow Inc. and Walt Disney round out the top five Dow stocks over the past year—all surging at least 125%. A new stay-at-home normal that catapulted stocks like Peloton, Zoom and Slack helped the tech-heavy Nasdaq climb to meteoric highs during the pandemic, but tech’s dominance has been threatened in recent weeks. The index is down about 5% from a high on February 12, as rising Treasury yields fuel concerns that investors may sell off high-priced tech stocks in favor of the risk-free asset class. But experts aren’t too worried yet. “It’s a buckle-your-seatbelt moment for tech stocks, but we believe this selloff has created a golden opportunity for investors to own secular tech winners for the next three to five years,” says Wedbush analyst Dan Ives. Massive fiscal stimulus spending, including nearly $720 billion in forgivable loans doled out to small businesses, has been a boon to the Russell 2000, a basket of small-cap stocks with market values that are typically less than $1 billion. The index has outperformed the broader market and posted its best quarter ever during the pandemic. With President Joe Biden’s lofty $1.9 trillion stimulus plan shoring up fresh funding for the economic recovery—and an even bigger $3 trillion infrastructure plan in the works, Bank of America analysts say they think small caps will continue to outperform larger companies this year.  Perhaps most emblematic of the market’s bullish mania are the staggering gains in the meme stocks popularized by an army of Reddit traders in late January. Heading up gains is GameStop, the past year’s best-performing stock in the Russell 2000. The Grapevine, Texas-based video game retailer reached a meteoric high on January 27, as retail traders coordinated an effort to buy up Wall Street’s most heavily shorted companies, stirring a panic among hedge funds that exited their positions with steep losses. Short interest has plummeted since, and the rally’s taken a breather, but two months into the frenzy, GameStop’s still sporting eye-popping gains that have landed prices at more than ten times analysts’ average one-year price expectations. Meanwhile, meme stocks AMC Entertainment and BlackBerry are also holding up, climbing 300% and 200%, respectively, over the past year.  ViacomCBS, the S&P’s best-performing stock over the past year (save for a couple new additions on Monday–Penn National Gaming and Caesars Entertainment), is another testament to the recent retail trading frenzy. The company, founded in 2019 by the merger between CBS and Viacom, has long garnered bearish calls from analysts, but with short interest that’s roughly five times greater than the S&P’s average, shares have skyrocketed in the months since Reddit traders started plowing into heavily shorted stocks. Though its Paramount+ streaming service has helped improve its outlook, one analyst last week said the stock has “run too far” and climbed too high. The past year’s raging bull market is not without its losses. The S&P’s worst-performing stock over the period belongs to California-based Gilead Sciences, which surged alongside other biotech companies in January 2020 as the pandemic took hold, but has floundered ever since. The company’s Covid-19 treatment, remdesivir, pulled roughly $3 billion in sales last year, and it was even hailed as a miracle treatment by former President Donald Trump, but like with other biotechs last year, investors lost interest. Only four S&P stocks have fallen over the past year, and three of them, including Biogen and Viatris, are biotechs. Shares of electric carmaker Tesla—last year’s best-performing S&P 500 stock—are down for the year and have plunged nearly 25% from a late-January high—yet another sign the recently booming market for tech stocks could be over once post-pandemic spending drives growth into other industries. Tesla made its S&P debut in December and now carries about 1.5% of the index’s weight, but some experts are worried the stock’s increased volatility could spell trouble for the index-tracking funds that represent trillions in market value.  The price of the world’s largest cryptocurrency has skyrocketed over the past year amid booming institutional adoption and heightened inflationary concerns fueled by massive government spending to combat the pandemic. Just this month, Morgan Stanley became the first big bank to offer up bitcoin exposure to wealthy clients (though it’s limiting the funds to investors with “an aggressive risk tolerance”), and Goldman Sachs is also dabbling in the space with a cryptocurrency trading desk that opened up this month. ",1048,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886220403,2021-03-23 06:29:00,"'Highly unfair' to accuse the EU of vaccine nationalism, trade chief says",https://www.cnbc.com/2021/03/23/eu-valdis-dombrovskis-unfair-to-accuse-eu-of-vaccine-nationalism.html,en,False,,1755,CNBC,http://www.cnbc.com/,"""Clearly we are facing a serious situation in vaccine rollout. We need to speed up the vaccination, we need to speed up both vaccine production and supply,"" EU trade chief Valdis Dombrovskis told CNBC's ""Squawk Box Europe."" The European Commission, the EU's executive arm, has been working with different pharmaceutical firms to boost vaccine production across the member states. The institution wants to see 70% of the adult population in Europe vaccinated by the end of the summer. However, meeting this target will depend on whether firms deliver the amount of vaccines that the bloc is expecting, as well as member states' ability to distribute the shots among their populations. ""We think it is highly unfair to accuse the EU, which is one of the largest vaccine exporters, of vaccine nationalism,"" Dombrovskis said. The EU reported last week that it had exported 41 million doses of Covid-19 shots to 33 countries since the end of January, with the U.K. being the biggest recipient. At the same time, the EU has said it is not seeing the same level of reciprocity from other parts of the world. The legislation that allowed the EU to stop this shipment is due to expire at the end of the month. As a result, EU officials are considering whether to extend and toughen these laws going forward. ""What is important right now is companies actually honoring their contracts, because the problem we are facing, especially with one company that is not honoring the contract, that the vaccine supplies are way behind of what has been agreed,"" Dombrovskis said. Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. ",326,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886220275,2021-03-23 01:31:22,Boeing Enters Into $5.28B Loan Agreement With Banks,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/boeing-enters-5-28b-loan-053122237.html,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,Thank you for your patience. Our engineers are working quickly to resolve the issue. ,15,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886220127,2021-03-23 06:27:00,FedEx salaries revealed: Here's how much the shipping giant pays tech workers building the future of e-commerce,https://www.businessinsider.com/fedex-software-engineer-cyber-security-salaries-top-110000-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. ""One of the things that's hard for us to communicate … is the fantastic effect of this technology that we've been rolling out. We don't advertise it all the time,"" said CEO Fred Smith on a March earnings call.  Last year, the company launched FedEx DataWorks, an internal organization intended to focus on leveraging data analytics to up efficiency and build data-driven products for customers. The company's 2020 acquisition of ShopRunner, a consumer-facing e-commerce platform, will operate under this umbrella. The CEO of FedEx DataWorks, Sriram Krishnasamy, is responsible for launching FedEx Surround, a supply chain digitization product and the first result of a multi-year partnership with Microsoft.  All of these efforts will require FedEx to keep a steady stream of tech talent coming through the door. The company is currently advertising to fill dozens of data analysis and software development jobs in its hometown of Memphis, Tennessee, and across the country.  Insider analyzed the US Office of Foreign Labor Certification's 2020 disclosure data for permanent and temporary foreign workers to see how much FedEx paid employees for tech roles. US companies report how much base compensation workers are offered when filing paperwork for H-1B visas on behalf of current or prospective foreign workers. FedEx declined to comment on the data. From data analyst to software engineer, here are the annual salary ranges for tech jobs at FedEx.  Associate Data Analyst: $62,067 - $76,992 Associate Data Analyst:  $62,067 - $76,992 Data Analyst: $69,930 - $84,053 Data Analyst Advisor: $86,029 - $111,576 Data Architect: $91,541 - $133,500 Data Architect Principal: $92,685 - $140,172.00 Senior Data Analyst: $77,334 - $93,717 Senior Data Scientist: $84,032 - $29,7528 Database Advisor: $84,333 - $116,771 Senior Database Administrator: $93,954 - $121,886  Full Stack Developer: $89,011 - $105,060 Full Stack Developer Advisor: $86,117 - $117,909 Full Stack Developer I: $54,649 - $77,514 Full Stack Developer II: $70,649 - $88,069 Full Stack Developer III: $70,339 - $104,589 IT Associate: $55,952 - $76,992 IT Auditor: $74,402 - $106,000 Manager IT: $113,675 - $145,169 Cyber Security Analyst: $74,402 - $88,725 Senior Cyber Security Analyst: $90,572 - $110,436 Senior Software Quality Engineering Specialist: $77,251 - $111,576 Software Engineer: $68,680 - $93,619 Software Engineer Advisor: $98,185 - $136,815 Software Engineer II: $62,713 - $83,912 Software Engineer III: $81,533 - $107,411 Software Quality Engineer Advisor: $77,366 - $114,858 Software Quality Engineer II: $67,687 - $80,818 Software Quality Engineer III $61,672 - $105,060  
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",520,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886218851,2021-03-23 06:40:57,When will kids and teens be vaccinated against Covid-19?,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/RyrnmnvJoIM/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,"By Lauren Mascarenhas, CNN CNN Health's Nadia Kounang and Amanda Sealy contributed to this report. ",16,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886215950,2021-03-23 06:30:00,Could Weak FY ’20 Earnings Drive Ecolab Stock Down 15%?,https://www.forbes.com/sites/greatspeculations/2021/03/23/could-weak-fy-20-earnings-drive-ecolab-stock-down-15/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Ecolab stock’s rise since late 2017 came despite a 4% drop in revenues from $12.22 billion in FY 2018 to $11.79 billion in FY 2020. A roughly unchanged outstanding share count over this period, meant that RPS (revenue-per-share) dropped around 3%, from $42.33 in 2018 to $41.09 in 2020. Ecolab’s P/S (price-to-sales) ratio meanwhile rose from 3.5x in 2018 to 5.3x in 2020, rising with the rally in the broader markets post the Covid crash. While the P/S ratio has since dropped marginally to 5.1x, given Ecolab’s weak full-year 2020 results, there is further possible downside risk for the company’s P/S multiple. So what’s the likely trigger and timing to this downside? The global spread of Coronavirus and the resulting lockdowns have led to a surge in demand for hygiene and cleaning technology. Ecolab, a company specializing in water treatment, and cleaning and hygiene in a variety of applications, should have benefited from this. However, this wasn’t the case, as is evident from Ecolab’s full-year 2020 earnings, where revenue came in lower at $11.8 billion vs $12.6 billion in 2019. COGS and operating expenses didn’t fall in line with revenues, and operating margins dropped to 11.8% from 14.7% in 2019. This weighed on net margins, and despite an unchanged effective tax rate, net income from continuing operations came in at $967 million, down from $1.42 billion in 2019. Despite the economy opening up and people becoming more active, we expect Ecolab’s revenue growth to remain low in the near to medium term. Additionally, if the company is unable to control expenses, then this could mean low profitability over FY 2021 as well. We believe this could lead to the stock seeing its P/S multiple decline from the current level of 5.1x to around 4.4x, which combined with a reduction in revenues and margins could result in the stock price shrinking to as low as $175, a downside of over 15% from the current price around $208.   ",328,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886220399,2021-03-23 06:48:02,Putin prepares to get Covid vaccine — but the Kremlin refuses to say which one,https://www.cnbc.com/2021/03/23/putin-to-get-coronavirus-vaccine-russias-vaccine-strategy-in-focus.html,en,False,,1755,CNBC,http://www.cnbc.com/,"In this article LONDON — Russian President Vladimir Putin received a coronavirus shot on Tuesday, as intrigue surrounds the country's vaccine strategy. Earlier in the day, the Kremlin said it would not reveal the name of the vaccine that Putin would receive, only that it would be one of three Russian-made shots. ""We are deliberately not saying which shot the president will get, noting that all three Russian vaccines are absolutely reliable and effective,"" Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters, according to Reuters. There are three Russian vaccines — Sputnik V, EpiVacCorona and CoviVac — with the latter two only recently gaining emergency approval. The 68-year-old Russian president received the vaccine Tuesday evening, according to local media reports. It's unclear whether he was filmed receiving the shot. Peskov noted that Putin did not like the idea of being vaccinated on camera. There have been reports that Russia's own production capacity is low and Putin appeared to concur. He said Monday that Russia needed to ramp up vaccine production for domestic use and that supplying domestic needs was a priority, according to Reuters. He noted that 4.3 million people in the country had already received two doses of the vaccine. This is substantially higher than, for example, the U.K. which has given around 2.3 million people both doses to date, but Russia was the first country in the world to approve a coronavirus vaccine (Sputnik V) in August — the U.K. approved its first shot in early December. Russia does have a number of logistical challenges to overcome when rolling out a vaccine. It is the largest country in the world and has a population of around 144 million people spread across a territory that spans Europe and northern Asia. In early March, Putin noted that all but nine Russian regions had started to deploy the vaccine, with delays linked to ""problems with logistics, distribution (and) locations,"" the Moscow Times reported. Global data on vaccination programs shows that Russia lags many other countries in its own domestic rollout, with the number of single doses administered in Russia hovering just above the number of those given in Bangladesh, according to Our World in Data. Another big issue hampering Russia's rollout is vaccine hesitancy among its citizens. Daragh McDowell, head of Europe and principal Russia analyst at Verisk Maplecroft, told CNBC the country's lower vaccination numbers are, ""probably much more a result of lack of willingness on the part of popular skepticism over the vaccine than a lack of supply."" He noted that the latest data from the Levada Center, an independent pollster in Russia, suggests that only 30% of Russians ""are willing to get vaccinated, a number that's actually gone down since last year."" ""This is mainly due to worries about side effects and that the vaccine hasn't been tested enough — in other words, while the Kremlin got a propaganda boost from getting the vaccine out first, this was at the cost of doubts over its safety,"" McDowell said. Sputnik V was initially authorized in Russia only for people 18-60 years old, meaning that Putin was too old to receive it. Further trials in senior citizens found that the vaccine was safe in people age 60 and over, so that age group can now receive the shot. ""The fact that Putin has waited this long to be vaccinated himself will not have gone unnoticed and will have contributed to these doubts,"" McDowell added. ""The president's vaccination will convince some Russians of the vaccine's efficacy and safety (but) high levels of social distrust and conspiratorial thinking will blunt it's impact."" He noted that the same polling data that showed 30% of Russians were willing to get vaccinated also revealed that almost two-thirds believed Covid was artificially developed as a biological weapon. Another aspect of Russia's vaccine program that's drawing attention is the high numbers of international sales of its vaccine. On Monday, Putin confirmed that Russia had signed international sales deals for Sputnik V doses for 700 million people. Meanwhile, Europe's medicines regulator started a rolling review of Sputnik V earlier this month. Verisk Maplecroft's McDowell said that although exports of 700 million doses was ""an extremely ambitious number,"" it likely includes doses produced abroad, in India and South Korea for example, under license. In an accompanying article, Ian Jones, a professor of virology at the University of Reading, England, noted that ""the development of the Sputnik V vaccine has been criticized for unseemly haste. But the outcome reported here is clear and the scientific principle of vaccination is demonstrated, which means another vaccine can now join the fight to reduce the incidence of Covid-19."" Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. ",836,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886220258,2021-03-23 05:56:45,Tax hikes are the next big investor worry: Morning Brief,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/biden-tax-hikes-next-big-investor-worry-morning-brief-095645526.html,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,Thank you for your patience. Our engineers are working quickly to resolve the issue. ,15,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886218843,2021-03-23 06:48:58,To shave or not to shave? How beards may affect Covid-19 risk,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/r0_YxxZR1BU/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,CNN's Alaa Elassar contributed to this report. ,8,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886215942,2021-03-23 06:40:00,Why More Young People Should Consider A Career In Tech,https://www.forbes.com/sites/markcperna/2021/03/23/why-more-young-people-should-consider-a-career-in-tech/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Breaking into this hot field is a lot easier than you might think. Gen-Z coder Rather than see this as a threat, perhaps it’s time to see this as a golden opportunity to jumpstart your career. No matter your age or what you’ve studied in school, the tech field may have an opening for you. Not only do tech jobs typically pay better than average, they also provide workers with added flexibility with their schedules and access to generous benefit packages. Perhaps just as importantly, tech jobs—unlike those in other sectors like hospitality and entertainment—have seen a surge in demand during the COVID-19 pandemic. Hughes added that most people see jobs labeled “tech” and immediately skip past them because, even though they’re using new apps or pieces of technology every day, they don’t understand the technology behind them. With his hands-on program, which doesn't require any prior coding knowledge and has a myriad of financing options, Hughes is hoping to lower the barriers for more people to consider careers in tech. Tech Elevator’s approach is especially primed to help people re-enter the workforce in a post-pandemic economy, “Just because you missed the chance to study computer science doesn’t mean the door to these great career opportunities is closed to you now,” says Hughes. “We need to be more intentional and encouraging to individuals to take the first step, to take a free online course, to understand the broad array of exciting career opportunities that exist in tech.  “When this happens,  more people will start to see these careers as viable and lucrative possibilities, no matter their educational background.” Not only do tech jobs offer young people the kind of job flexibility they crave—such as the opportunity work remotely from just about anywhere with an internet connection—and they don’t have to take on thousands of dollars of student debt to get started. There’s also the chance to embrace a sense of teamwork and camaraderie in their work.  “Working together to solve complex problems in teams is a great way for young people to develop the soft skills they need to succeed.” That’s true even if you’ve been pursuing a different educational path altogether. Seth, a Gen-Z graduate of Tech Elevator, experienced this firsthand. “I went from working at a coffee shop part time and gigging as a freelance performing musician with an incomplete bachelor’s degree in music, to landing my first job as a Software Developer in about 4–5 months,” he says. “And all during an unprecedented global pandemic.”  It’s time for more workers of all ages to make Seth’s discovery: that the barriers to a tech career are lower than they ever imagined—and the rewards, infinitely higher. ",451,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886221148,2021-03-23 06:56:32.763917,Biden faces ‘moment of truth’ as he weighs key U.S. climate promise,https://www.washingtonpost.com/climate-environment/2021/03/23/biden-paris-climate-pledge/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_homepage,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"By April 22, when President Biden convenes world leaders for an Earth Day summit, he is expected to unveil a new, aggressive plan to cut U.S. greenhouse gas emissions between now and 2030. The moment is aimed at reestablishing American leadership in the fight to limit the Earth’s warming to no more than 1.5 degrees Celsius compared with preindustrial levels — a threshold beyond which scientists predict irreversible environmental damage. As he crafts the much-anticipated pledge, Biden is facing conflicting political pressures at home and abroad. But any commitments the United States makes must also be attainable, she said. “Nobody will be satisfied with good targets without anything backing it up.” Rachel Cleetus, a policy director at the Union for Concerned Scientists, said making an aggressive pledge to cut emissions at home is the “single biggest and important thing” the United States can do to convince other countries that are heavy polluters to arrive at a key United Nations climate conference in Scotland this fall with their own ambitious plans. “It is a very, very consequential year,” Cleetus told reporters on a recent call, noting that the world remains woefully off target in its push to limit global warming. United Nations: Countries’ pledges to cut emissions are far too meager to halt climate change At the same time, Biden officials are keenly aware that promising too much, too quickly could mean relying upon questionable assumptions — specifically, what Congress is willing to fund and what policies future administrations pursue. White House national climate adviser Gina McCarthy, who is leading an interagency task force, said in an interview that the Biden administration will craft “a very defensible, analytically solid” blueprint. But making the math work is not easy. In swing through Europe, John Kerry aims to boost climate action For now, departments are looking for what steps they already have authority to take to reduce climate pollution, and at the possibilities offered by technological breakthroughs. The scramble to find ways to cut the nation’s carbon output spans nearly every federal agency, in policies that touch nearly every corner of American society — from banking to building codes to the efficiency of home appliances. The Interior Department is already working to speed offshore wind development, for example, and will pursue stricter curbs on methane emissions from oil and gas drilling operations that were reversed under Trump. Since methane is a powerful but short-lived pollutant, compared with carbon dioxide, it’s an attractive target for the Biden administration as it eyes cuts it can lock in by 2030. And at the Agriculture Department, top officials are looking at how they can leverage existing conservation funding to encourage farmers and ranchers to use techniques that absorb carbon and lock it in the land. The USDA also is poised to fund large-scale forest restoration, which would absorb carbon from the atmosphere and store it in trees and soil. Some environmentalists such as Dominick DellaSala, chief scientist with the Earth Island Institute’s Wild Heritage project, are lobbying Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack to create a “natural strategic carbon reserve” by putting all older, carbon-rich forests off limits to logging. If those forests, spanning about 50 million acres, were cut, DellaSala estimates, they ultimately would release carbon seven times greater than America’s annual output. “Forests will buy us time to get to a carbon-negative economy, since that’s where we need to go,” DellaSala said. “We didn’t start with a number. We went from the bottom and worked upwards,” said John Podesta, who oversaw the process as White House senior counselor and worked with agencies to devise a target. “We would say, ‘That’s not enough,’ and then they found more reductions. But that was a rigorous process. They didn’t make it up.” Some of the same aides who devised the U.S. climate target under Obama — including Rick Duke, who crunched the numbers for the White House in 2014 and now works for the U.S. special presidential envoy on climate, John F. Kerry — have returned under Biden. But they’ve had less than two months to craft a much bolder U.S. pledge. Most of the near-term climate gains the United States has made have come from the decline of coal, and other sectors will have to curb their emissions to make significant reductions by 2030. The nation needs to invest heavily in clean energy as it spends money to recover from the pandemic, De Vivero said. “If you rebuild a carbon-dependent future, it will be very difficult to decarbonize the economy later on,” he said. Tracking environmental actions under Biden Whatever pledge Biden unveils, his critics are certain to dissect it. “We hope that any emissions reduction pledge does not cause more harm than good,” said America’s Power President Michelle Bloodworth, whose group represents the coal industry. She added that any goal should “be conditioned on other countries taking commensurate actions that are enforceable,” given that about 85 percent of global emissions come from outside the United States. Even electricity groups whose members use a mix of energy sources that include wind and solar cautioned the administration against moving too fast. Joy Ditto, who heads the American Public Power Association and represents publicly owned utilities, described Biden’s plans to eliminate the industry’s carbon footprint by 2035 as a bridge too far. “We think a more realistic standard would be more of a 2050 carbon-neutral goal,” she said in an interview. “And even that would be hard.” During a Senate floor debate this month, she called the idea that transition policies can simply create renewable jobs, easily replacing lost jobs in coal and other fossil fuels, “a fantasy world that does not exist.” Biden has argued that an aggressive push to tackle climate change would not inflict pain on the U.S. economy but rather could help create millions of new jobs in burgeoning industries. “We view this as something that’s the greatest economic opportunity since the Industrial Revolution,” Kerry said in a recent interview. For that reason and others, Biden has repeated a refrain from activists and political allies: Go big. “It’s not like you’re going to get more people on board if you set a lower target for reductions. That’s just not where the debate is,” said Andrew Rosenberg, who directs the Union of Concerned Scientists’ Center for Science and Democracy. “It’s going to be pretty tough to meet the targets, whatever they are. So you might as well be ambitious.” The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",1088,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886220118,2021-03-23 06:34:42,"This virtual assistant's income doubled to $4,156 a month as the remote back-room work industry boomed in the COVID-19 pandemic",https://www.businessinsider.com/virtual-assistants-are-thriving-in-the-covid-19-pandemic-this-woman-doubled-her-income-in-lockdown-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. ""COVID-19 has honestly helped my business,"" said 43-year-old Amanda Holly, who has been a virtual assistant (VA) since 2017.  Amid the devastation of the coronavirus pandemic, VAs — people who were already working from home before the pandemic, doing the back-room work for companies forced to shift online to survive — have thrived. The UK's Society of Virtual Assistants told Insider its membership applications tripled in 2020. It welcomed 1,350 new members during the pandemic, giving it a total of 4,166, the most in its 15-year history. Holly became a VA in 2017 after years in admin temping jobs, including for Britain's National Health Service, energy companies, car hire companies, and banks — between summers working as a club PR on the Spanish holiday island of Ibiza. She wanted to be a VA because she was sick of commuting and wanted ""flexibility in my life ... I wanted to be in control of what I earned and how and where I worked."" She chiefly works with coaching and training businesses, which suddenly found themselves unable to work face-to-face and reliant on video calls. When the UK first went into lockdown last March, Holly, from Bristol, England, was making a steady £1,500 ($2,078) a month. By the time the first lockdown eased in late June, her monthly income had jumped to £3,000 ($4,156), working four-day weeks. ""I was earning OK money, but since COVID-19 I have had a particular client who took on a lot of extra hours because she wanted to move everything online,"" Holly told Insider. ""Then another coach came onboard because he was moving online too. He works in the mental health industry, so they were running a lot more courses, particularly because of COVID-19."" ""There is a lot more admin involved with setting it up, sending instructions to delegates, setting up meetings and creating any online content,"" she said of her clients' needs in lockdown. Holly's income has remained steady since its lockdown surge. She currently works 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. and 2 p.m. to 6 p.m. Monday to Thursday. Her outgoings specifically for the business are around £100 ($138) a month, which includes insurance and software licenses for Canva and Adobe Pro. Her working day often begins with checking emails for three clients and chasing their invoice payments. On Mondays, she phones one client to go through their diary for the week ahead and runs through another's client list, checking appointments have been booked and sending out any reminders. On the day she spoke to Insider, she was arranging an online webinar, while creating promotional posts and banners for clients' social media. She was also collating feedback on another course, putting it together with graphs and charts for distribution. The rest of her day was taken up with building newsletters, sending out instructions to course delegates, scheduling a week of social media posts, packaging and sending promotional material and ordering books and materials for another client's new course. She said: ""When people buy retainer packages, they buy blocks of my time, so I block out on each day and any new or old tasks get done in this time."" Women make up 97% of the Society of Virtual Assistants' membership. According to the society, 85% are aged at least 35, reflecting the fact the industry is more attractive to people with more work experience and transferable skills. Holly initially used freelance platform Upwork in a bid to find clients, before turning to Facebook groups. ""The good advice I received was to go where your ideal clients hang out ... I started by being very relaxed, commenting on people's posts, offering tips but not offering services. People start chatting and you build a relationship so when they needed a VA, they came to me."" In 2020, Holly was ""finally"" able to drop associate work for other VAs, as work for her own clients boomed. She added that all her clients were retainer long-term packages. Her next move is to take someone else on, possibly to help clients with branding. ""I still have enquiries coming in but don't have the capacity myself,"" she said. 
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",808,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886220231,2021-03-23 01:25:20,"Adobe to Post Q1 Earnings, Revenue Growth of About 22%; Target Price $563",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/adobe-post-q1-earnings-revenue-052520921.html,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,Thank you for your patience. Our engineers are working quickly to resolve the issue. ,15,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886215935,2021-03-23 06:47:00,How Donna Griffit Has Helped Female Founders Raise Millions From Investors,https://www.forbes.com/sites/meimeifox/2021/03/23/how-donna-griffit-has-helped-female-founders-raise-millions-from-investors/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"“Needless to say, pitching isn’t an exact science. It’s more of an art form,” Griffit says. Persuading investors to hand over millions of dollars requires excellent presentation skills, a forensic knowledge of the numbers, and an ability to create FOMO – fear of missing out. Investors who have been around for any length of time will regret the occasions when they passed up gilt-edged opportunities such as a Facebook or an Uber.  Griffit offers this advice to female entrepreneurs. “Since we were young girls, we have been conditioned to think that it’s not polite to brag or self-promote – our actions and accomplishments will speak for themselves. This, unfortunately, is not the case when pitching investors. It’s super important to credential ourselves and list our accomplishments. If you have raised funding, closed contracts, brought in significant revenues, growth, or partnerships, don’t wait to share it. Put it up front, on a loud and proud Brag Slide.” Griffit emphasizes the importance of bragging about your accomplishments when pitching.  No matter how world-changing your project might be, the temptation to focus solely on the nuts and bolts is a mistake, says Griffit. “Too many founders start with the tech, the product, the solution. And more often than not, it’s women founders struggling with this. They want to be taken seriously, so they feel they have to launch right into the architecture. But the best way to show that is through the origin story, a personal connection, how your past experience set you on this particular mission.” Griffit shares about a female founder who pioneered a parenting solution based on her own personal need. She had moved to a new country, where she found she was lost when it came to finding babysitters and family support. This founder thought that investors would lose respect for her if she emphasized being a mother. “But I encouraged her to do the exact opposite and craft the pitch story from her pain point,” Griffit says. “She had created a marketplace for parents that gave them access to trusted solutions. Sharing her own struggles as a mother made her human, accessible, and someone who truly understood her target audience. It also raised her $5 million.” It was in 2008, during the financial crash, that Griffit discovered her life purpose. She started reaching out to startup founders, offering them help them with pitching to angel investors. People told her that startups wouldn’t pay for her services. But here she is, 13 years later, having helped over 1,000 companies raise upwards of $1 billion. “Entrepreneurs should pay attention to the aha moments, not to the voices that try to talk you out of going on the road less taken,” says Griffit to aspiring changemakers and startup founders. “I pretty much invented my career, and you can do the same. Ten years ago, there weren’t social media influencers, community managers, and many other ‘new’ professions. Who knows what’s next? Find your purpose, become the best that you can be at it, be tenacious, notice the road signs leading you to new places – and follow them even if you’re nervous. They will lead you to great places.” ",530,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886223758,2021-03-23 06:42:48,Sinovac says its COVID-19 vaccine is safe for children as young as 3,http://feeds.foxnews.com/~r/foxnews/health/~3/kZSxG9OGxP0/sinovac-says-its-covid-19-vaccine-is-safe-for-children-as-young-as-3,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Former White House COVID adviser joins 'The Ingraham Angle' to discuss the latest guidance on social distancing. More than 70 million shots of Sinovac’s vaccine have been given worldwide, including in China. China has approved its use in adults but it has not yet been used in children, because their immune systems may respond differently to the vaccine. ASTRAZENECA MAY HAVE INCLUDED OUTDATED INFORMATION FROM COVID-19 TRIAL, NIAID SAYS  Early and mid-stage clinical trials with over 550 subjects showed the vaccine would induce an immune response, Gang Zeng, the medical director at Sinovac, said at a news conference. Two recipients developed high fevers in response to the vaccine, one a 3-year-old and the other a 6-year-old. The rest of the trial subjects experienced mild symptoms, Zeng said. UK CORONAVIRUS VARIANT MAY CAUSE HEART ISSUES IN PETS, VETS WARN ""Showing that the vaccine is safe and would elicit potentially useful immune response against SARS-CoV-2 is very welcomed,"" said Eng Eong Ooi, a professor at the Duke NUS Medical school in Singapore who is co-leading the development of a separate COVID-19 vaccine. However, he said the data presented publicly by the company was not enough to give a conclusive answer on the findings. Children are far less likely to be seriously ill with COVID-19, but they are still at risk and can spread the virus. And while vaccination campaigns worldwide have focused on adults, children will need to be immunized to end the pandemic. CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE The Pfizer vaccine is cleared for use starting at age 16 and is being studied in ages 12-16. Moderna has been studying its vaccine in children aged 12 and older and last week announced a new study testing its use in children younger than 12. State-owned Sinopharm, who has two COVID-19 vaccines, is also investigating the effectiveness of its vaccines in children. The company said in January it had submitted clinical data to regulators, though it was unclear if it was for one or both vaccines. Stay up-to-date on the biggest health and wellness news with our weekly recap. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! ",354,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886220106,2021-03-23 06:42:39,"Microsoft is in talks to buy chat app Discord for more than $10 billion, according to a report",https://www.businessinsider.com/microsoft-discord-acquisition-talks-sale-10-billion-chat-app-gaming-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. Discord has held talks with Microsoft and other potential buyers, but no deal is imminent, people familiar with the matter told both publications. One of the people told Bloomberg said that Discord was more likely to go public than to sell itself. Microsoft and Discord declined Bloomberg's and The New York Times' request for comment. Both companies did not immediately respond to Insider's request for comment. Acquiring Discord would be another major gaming-focused investment for Microsoft. The deal brought all of Bethesda's game studios — which make blockbuster franchises such as ""Doom,"" ""The Elder Scrolls,"" and ""Fallout"" — under the Xbox Studios umbrella. 
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",224,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886220208,2021-03-23 00:05:23,Microsoft Said To Be In Discussions To Acquire Discord For Over $10B,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/microsoft-said-discussions-acquire-discord-040523152.html,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,Thank you for your patience. Our engineers are working quickly to resolve the issue. ,15,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886215924,2021-03-23 06:47:43,Does The Global Exotic Pet Trade Favor Invasive Pests?,https://www.forbes.com/sites/grrlscientist/2021/03/23/does-the-global-exotic-pet-trade-favor-invasive-pests/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Exotic pets — companion animals that are not native to the area where they are kept — can become invasive pests when they escape or are released by pet owners, breeders, collectors and wholesalers It’s no secret that the global market for exotic pets is large and growing, particularly recently, because so many of us stayed home for the past year to comply with the coronavirus pandemic quarantine restrictions.  But what happens to these exotic non-traditional pets when they get too big, too expensive, or too ornery or too boring to keep in a home? Often, they are intentionally released by their keepers or, sometimes, they escape. And this offers the potential for establishment of nonnative species. Free-roaming non-native species present powerful implications for the conservation of native species, whose populations are often dwindling, as well as for the establishment of invasive species in places where they can cause a lot of harm. But what about the exotic non-traditional pets themselves? It’s obvious that the pet trade is responsible for the global movement of invasive animals, but it’s unclear if the most commercially successful exotic pets are invasive species or if exotic pets become invasive as the result of being kept as pets. If we are to deal successfully with invasive species, it is important to better understand the many overlapping threats — environmental, economic, social and human health — posed by exotic non-traditional pets by identifying their potential invasion risk. To do this, we must distinguish between these two very similar and tightly interwoven questions: 1) Is being a pet increasing the probability of becoming invasive? (Pets become pests) 2) Or is being invasive increasing the probability of becoming a pet? (Pests become pets) The first question has been answered, mostly, because of the documented predilection of pet keepers for releasing unwanted exotic non-traditional pets. According to Dr Gippet, ants are an ideal model system to test the ‘do pests become pets’ question because: If invasive exotic ant species are overrepresented among those that are traded as pets, one interpretation is that invasiveness is linked to the probability of being traded. But this issue is complicated. “While working on this project and trying to understand this very strong overrepresentation of invasive species among traded pet species, we realized that it was sort of a ‘chicken or the egg’ problem,” Dr Gippet said in email. In his newly published study, Dr Gippet collaborated with Cleo Bertelsmeier, a professor at the University of Lausanne who specializes in biological invasions and climate change. To investigate whether the pet trade specifically favors species that are invasive, Dr Gippet and Professor Bertelsmeier conducted a literature review of 14 recently published lists from eight publications of non-native vertebrate species and their abundance in the pet trade. The surveyed animals included mammals, birds, reptiles, amphibians, and fish (Figure 1). Dr Gippet and Professor Bertelsmeier then conducted a meta-analysis on these data and found that invasive species represent 12.6% of the exotic non-traditional pet trade. They also found that invasive species are, on average, 7.4 times more frequent in the pet trade than in the global pool of vertebrate species (mammals, 4.2–7.2; birds, 2.5–7.4; reptiles, 4.0–12.7; amphibians, 8.0–9.0; and fish, 7.2–13.1).  As I previously mentioned, we know that 255 of the 15,377 described ant species already became invasive since the 1800s (Figure 2C), but these ant invasions did not stem from the exotic non-traditional pet trade. But why might invasiveness be linked to greater commercial success? Dr Gippet identified which traits are shared by invasive species. He found, for example, geographic origin is important for overall availability. For example, ant species endemic to the tropics in Africa were offered by fewer sellers (Figure 2A), whereas species originating in Europe and North Africa were offered by more sellers, mainly because the global ant trade is more developed in the Palearctic region. Nevertheless, there is a large diversity of interesting ant species in the Afrotropics that are mostly unknown by the pet trade at this time, but are likely to become invasives if presented with this opportunity by future pet ant keepers (Figure 2B). It’s important to note that some ecological traits associated with greater invasiveness also increase the commercial success of particular ant species. Dr Gippet found that, first, ants that were generalists (Figure 3B, bottom panel) and second, ants with a large geographic range (Figure 3B middle panel) were associated with a greater risk of invasiveness. Both traits are associated with species with less specialized needs and are, therefore, easier to keep. Third, body size also was important for invasiveness: for ants, small body size was key (Figure 3B top panel), probably because it’s easier for small ants to escape and remain undetected. “I think the main reason why some species become invasive is because humans transport them around the world all the time,” Dr Gippet explained in email. “[A]nd because human activities disturb habitats and damage native communities.”  Human-disturbed habitats are very similar, so a species that is adapted to live in one disturbed habitat can live in others, regardless of where in the world they may be located. Overall, Dr Gippet’s statistical analysis revealed that invasive ant species appear in the pet trade 6.6 times more often than in the global species pool and are sold by 1.7 times more sellers than are noninvasive species. “Even without knowing the underlying causes, it is very interesting to see this,” Dr Seebens continued in email. “The results are not unexpected, as similar relationships have been shown already for plants and several studies indicated this for vertebrates, as the authors stated, but now it has also been shown for invertebrates, which is a notoriously under-studied taxonomic group.” Although ant species are quite different from vertebrate species, the processes of introduction and the problems involved in the pet trade and animal husbandry are very similar: once a species is kept as a pet, there is a chance that the species may be intentionally released or escape. But ants could be particularly problematic in this regard. “Maybe, it is even more difficult to keep ants under control due to their small size and single individuals may easily escape unnoticed,” Dr Seebens pointed out in email. So what has this ant study told us about the ‘pets become pests’ versus the ‘pests become pets’ puzzle? “It is impossible to disentangle these processes (ie. did the trade cause the wide distribution or did the traits of the species make them good invaders and good pets) in a correlative analysis like this one,” Dr Seebens elaborated in email. “And the author did not try to make this point, which is fine.” Unfortunately, those who are the primary route for introducing invasive species are often poorly informed about the ethics of pet ownership. “[W]hen you see the numbers of pets (not only cats and dogs, but also exotic pets) that are abandoned/released into the wild everywhere each year, it seems clear that the trade in domestic and non-domestic animals should be better regulated and people should be better informed about the ethical and ecological responsibility of buying an animal,” Dr Gippet pointed out in email. Perhaps pet keepers should be limited to keeping only native species? “It is very difficult to regulate pet keeping as a whole in restricting it to e.g. native species. I cannot imagine that this will be possible,” Dr Seebens responded in email. “But it would be much easier to ban the trade of certain problematic species, which has been implemented, for example, for threatened species. This could also be extended to the most problematic invasive species.” If we are serious about limiting the spread of even more harmful invasive species, these recommendations, along with a number of other measures, must be carefully thought out and implemented regarding the possession of any and all pets. “This does not necessarily mean prohibiting the trade in exotic pets, but I guess more pro-active regulations should be considered (e.g., white lists of authorized species rather than blacklists of banned ones),” Dr Gippet said in email. “I think we should all [...] consider that an exotic pet is a potential invader that could cause lots of damages to ecosystems and people if escaped or released,” Dr Gippet added in email. “Because pets can become pests, and the opposite seems also true.” “It seems that, rather than a ‘chicken or the egg’ problem, we might face a ‘vicious circle’ problem.” 26a8b4067816acd2da72f558fddc8dcfd5bed0cef52b4ee7357f679776e6c25d ",1403,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886214225,2021-03-23 05:30:00,"Powell, Yellen Set for First Joint Appearance in Congress",https://www.wsj.com/articles/powell-yellen-set-for-first-joint-appearance-in-congress-11616491801?mod=pls_whats_news_us_business_f,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,WSJ Membership Customer Service Tools & Features Ads More Dow Jones Products ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886220094,2021-03-23 06:52:30,"AstraZeneca may have used outdated data in its US vaccine trial results, giving an 'incomplete view' of how well the shot worked, officials said",https://www.businessinsider.com/astrazeneca-vaccine-efficacy-trial-data-outdated-us-officials-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. AstraZeneca said Tuesday morning that it would publish updated data within 48 hours. The NIAID said AstraZeneca should work with the panel of experts, called the Data and Safety Monitoring Board, ""to review the efficacy data and ensure the most accurate, up-to-date efficacy data is made public as quickly as possible."" ""We have reviewed the preliminary assessment of the primary analysis and the results were consistent with the interim analysis. We are now completing the validation of the statistical analysis. ""We will immediately engage with the independent data safety monitoring board (DSMB) to share our primary analysis with the most up to date efficacy data. We intend to issue results of the primary analysis within 48 hours."" The NIAID is headed by Dr. Anthony Fauci, President Joe Biden's chief medical advisor, and is part of the National Institute of Health. The Data and Safety Monitoring Board reports into the NIH. ""If you look at it, the data really are quite good, but when they put it into the press release, it wasn't completely accurate,"" he said. Fauci said that the Food and Drug Administration, when it reviews AstraZeneca's vaccine data ahead of its US authorization, would make an independent decision about the vaccine's effectiveness. 
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",325,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886220188,2021-03-23 05:30:00,Baidu becomes first technology giant to make a flat debut in Hong Kong stock market this year as investors spurn the pivot by China's dominant search engine towards artificial intelligence,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/baidu-shares-gain-0-8-093000361.html,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,Thank you for your patience. Our engineers are working quickly to resolve the issue. ,15,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886220149,2021-03-23 06:25:01,Oil Slumps With Bearish Market Structure Flashing Weak Demand,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oil-edges-lower-near-61-232828711.html,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,Thank you for your patience. Our engineers are working quickly to resolve the issue. ,15,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886219064,2021-03-23 03:51:36,A man livestreamed the Boulder grocery store shooting and posted the footage - including shots of motionless bodies - to YouTube,https://news.yahoo.com/man-livestreamed-boulder-grocery-store-075136116.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"A man livestreamed the mass shooting in Boulder, Colorado, on Monday on YouTube. The video shows two motionless bodies on the ground outside the store and another inside the store. An expert said he would ""absolutely not"" recommend that a civilian enter and livestream a shooting. The YouTube video shows three motionless bodies on the ground: one outside in the parking lot, one outside near the store's entrance, and one just inside the store. Within 10 hours, the nearly 3-1/2-hour video had more than 526,000 views. In the video, the police and the state's SWAT team arrive, and officers later take a handcuffed man who appeared to be wearing only underwear and no shoes into custody. In the video, Schiller says he was loading groceries into his car when he heard gunshots. He says he then started a YouTube livestream on his phone and walked toward the entrance. ""I don't know what's going on,"" Schiller can be heard saying in the video as he approaches the entrance. ""I'm at King Soopers in South Boulder. I heard gunshots. They were very close. Someone's down, right here."" Schiller films a motionless body lying on the concrete outside the entrance near a shopping-cart corral, and another body out in the parking lot. He asks someone who appears to be a King Soopers employee whether he saw which way the shooter went. ""He went in there,"" the employee says, pointing inside the store. Schiller walks in the store and films another body on the ground, saying, ""Oh my God. Guys, we got people down inside King Soopers."" Two gunshots can be heard. Schiller exits the store and continues filming from the parking lot. About 10 minutes into the video, Schiller says that his friend was inside the store and that the friend had just tried to call him but he couldn't answer. Schiller did not immediately respond to Insider's request for comment for this story. Matthew Johnson, the director of training at Cohen Security, a California company that provides active-shooter trainings to civilians and first responders, told Insider that he had not watched the YouTube video but would ""absolutely not"" recommend that a civilian enter an active-shooter scene. ""If you're just a civilian and not an authorized first responder and you really want to help, the best thing you can do is observe and report to 911 from a safe distance,"" said Johnson, who served for six years in the Israel Defense Forces. Bystanders should minimize the chance of interference with first responders and law enforcement, who are trained to respond to such events, he said. In the YouTube video, police officers can repeatedly be heard asking Schiller to move back for his own safety. At one point, Schiller tells a police officer urging him to move to ""f--- off."" The YouTube video may not even be helpful to the police, Johnson said. ""In general, there can be a great benefit for law enforcement after the fact for footage that was taken at the incident,"" Johnson said. But most supermarkets are equipped with many security cameras, making the chance that the livestreamed footage is helpful to the police in this case ""pretty much slim to none,"" he said. Johnson said he didn't think that livestreaming a mass shooting was appropriate under any circumstances. ""It's very hard to understand the benefit of doing something like that in the middle of a situation like this,"" he said. The video remained on YouTube at the time of this article's publication, 10 hours after it was livestreamed. Schiller's footage did appear to show corpses, but YouTube said it kept the video up for its news context. ""Following today's tragic shooting, bystander video of the incident was detected by our teams,"" Elena Hernandez, a YouTube representative, told Insider. ""While violent content intended to shock or disgust viewers is not allowed on YouTube, we do allow videos with enough news or documentary context. We applied an age restriction to the content and will continue to monitor the situation."" When considering removing content, YouTube also considers whether violent or gory imagery is the focus of the video, the amount of time violent imagery is seen, and whether the title or description of the video indicates an intent to shock or disgust viewers, the company says. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? A look for the history books. Chelsea Clinton was congratulated by her parents, former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, at the finish line Here are some player grades from the Golden State Warriors' win over the Atlanta Hawks, including a grade from Steph Curry's 50-point night. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family “Some describe true friends as choosing your own family. I say it’s more like choosing your own army.” Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? ",1146,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886228160,2021-03-23 06:41:23,Jessica Simpson talks Nick Lachey moving on quickly from their split: 'Saddened beyond belief',https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/jessica-simpson-nick-lachey-moving-on-quickly-split,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top entertainment and celebrity headlines are here. Check out what's clicking today in entertainment. NICK LACHEY 'HASN'T READ' EX-WIFE JESSICA SIMPSON'S SHOCKING TELL-ALL BOOK She added: ""Alone in the dark, with no one to call my own."" Reps for Lachey did not immediately respond to Fox News' request for comment, while reps for Simpson declined to comment further. Simpson previously opened up about her relationship with the singer and revealed one of the reasons behind their divorce. JESSICA SIMPSON SHARES THE SWEET ADVICE SHE GIVES TO DAUGHTERS MAXWELL AND BIRDIE MAE ""With Nick, I was 22 years old when we got married... Once I started to get endorsement deals that were separate from him, there was a little bit of tension,"" she said. ""[The press] put us as a trophy couple that we actually weren't."" These days, Simpson said she's ""happy for"" her ex. ""We both were at fault in a lot of things, but I'm happy for him now. He's married with three beautiful children,"" she explained. ""He took heartbreak and made it into something beautiful."" CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Lachey and his wife share three children: Camden, 8, Brooklyn, 6, and Phoenix, 4.  ""That's what I did as well, but it took me longer to get there,"" Simpson added. CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER ",226,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886219062,2021-03-23 05:14:00,BBC's Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt 'spoken to' after flag complaints,https://news.yahoo.com/bbcs-naga-munchetty-charlie-stayt-091400728.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886228302,2021-03-23 11:01:04,28 Products To Help You Tackle DIY Projects Around Your Home,https://www.buzzfeed.com/taylor_steele/home-improvement-diy-products,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"That Honey-Do list isn't gonna get *itself* done. BuzzFeed Staff We hope you love the products we recommend! All of them were independently selected by our editors. Just so you know, BuzzFeed may collect a share of sales or other compensation from the links on this page if you decide to shop from them. Oh, and FYI — prices are accurate and items in stock as of time of publication. Each pack comes with 10 11.8"" x 11.8"" self-adhesive sheets.  It even comes with five spray tips to help you attack light to heavy-duty cleaning tasks. ",98,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886228291,2021-03-23 10:55:16,"Halsey Said They're ""Happy With Either Pronouns"" After Changing Their Instagram Bio To Include ""She/They""",https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/eleanorbate/halsey-she-they-pronouns,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"“The inclusion of ‘they,’ in addition to ‘she,’ feels most authentic to me.” 
    Posted on March 23, 2021, at 6:55 a.m. ET
     i hope halsey changing their pronouns gives others the confidence to express what also makes them feel comfortable. it’s okay to not fit into the categories society puts you in 💛 i’m so happy for halsey bc some of their poems were about struggling w gender and identity and they have talked about it before too and i’m glad they feel comfortable to express themselves how they want to now despite what others or the media might think :,) Which pronouns should I use? Answer: both! You can mix and match them in a sentence or use one or the other! You can alternate! Literally whatever you’re feeling! When in doubt, just ask the person what they prefer “For those asking RE: my updated Instagram bio, I am happy with either pronouns,” Halsey wrote on their Instagram story on Monday. “The inclusion of ‘they,’ in addition to ‘she,’ feels most authentic to me.” “I thought pregnancy would give me very strong, binary feelings about ‘womanhood,’” Halsey wrote on Instagram in February. “But truly it has leveled my perception of gender entirely.” “My sensitivity to my body has made me hyper aware of my humanness and that’s all,” they went on. “Doing a remarkable thing. And it’s grand. I hope the feeling lasts.” A BuzzFeed News investigation, in partnership with the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, based on thousands of documents the government didn't want you to see. ",268,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886228159,2021-03-23 06:43:43,Hornets top Spurs 100-97 in first game since Ball's injury,https://www.foxnews.com/sports/hornets-top-spurs-100-97-in-first-game-since-balls-injury,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. ""We are definitely going to miss him,"" said Rozier, who refers to Ball as his ""little brother."" ""But we’ve just to got to adjust. This is what we’ve got. He’s a special player, a great player, but this is part of the NBA. Not move on, but we’ve just got to make it happen."" CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM Ball suffered a fractured right wrist Saturday after a hard fall against the Los Angeles Clippers. Regarded as the leading candidate for Rookie of the Year honors, Ball is expected to miss the remainder of the season. ""I think we all feel for Melo,"" Hayward said. ""It was nice for us to be able to a get a win like that in our first game without him. A lot of people stepped up. We all wish him a speedy recovery. He is truly important to this team."" The Spurs had won four of five but struggled to contain the Hornets’ frontcourt. Bismack Biyombo and Malik Monk added 11 points apiece and P.J. Washington added 10 points and 13 rebounds as Charlotte snapped a three-game skid. DeMar DeRozan had 28 points and Derrick White added 21 for the Spurs to open a nine-game homestand. The Spurs tied the game at 93 with 1:45 remaining following a 3-pointer by White and a three-point play by DeRozan. Rozier hit a step-back 27-footer to give the Hornets a lead they would not relinquish again. ""They really challenged our mental toughness and physical toughness,"" Charlotte coach James Borrego said. ""I think this team really grew tonight. We withstood that. This was not a finesse win. This was not a transition, knocking down 3, type of win for us. We had to gut this one out with physicality and toughness. You really need that along the way."" The Hornets are 16-0 when leading after three quarters. ""It’s really impressive for such a young team to find ways to win like that,"" Hayward said. ""I think we’re fighters. It’s nice to have people that hit clutch shots."" San Antonio held Charlotte to 19 points in the third quarter and the defensive push continued into the fourth when White’s jumper put the Spurs up 76-74 for their first lead since White’s game-opening 3-pointer. ""We played a very good second half, but we didn’t play a good first half,"" Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said. ""We looked like a team that just got back off the road. And sometimes that’s the formula in the NBA. That first game coming back is a tough one. I was hoping we were over that, but the first half was a killer."" The defensive effort was needed after Charlotte used a balanced attack to offset Ball’s loss in building a 12-point lead. Ball’s absence was evident early as Charlotte was held to two fast-break points in the first quarter. The Hornets were fifth in the league in fast-break points at 15.1 per game but were held to five against the Spurs. TIP-INS Hornets: Charlotte held San Antonio to 45 points in the first half after allowing 47 points in the second quarter of a 122-114 home loss to the Spurs on Feb. 14. … Cody Zeller missed his second straight game with left shoulder bursitis. Borrego is hopeful Zeller will be available Wednesday at Houston. Spurs: San Antonio point guard Dejounte Murray arrived wearing Becky Hammon’s Colorado State jersey complete with her surname and No. 25. The Spurs assistant coach starred at Colorado State before playing 16 years in the WNBA equally between the New York Liberty and San Antonio Stars. Rudy Gay paid tribute to Rebecca Lobo by wearing the Connecticut All-American’s No. 50 jersey and DeRozan wore Hall of Famer Cheryl Miller’s No. 31 jersey from Southern California. … The nine-game homestand is the longest in franchise history, surpassing the seven straight home games the Spurs had in 2012. UP NEXT Hornets: Visit the Houston Rockets on Wednesday. Spurs: Host the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday. ",680,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886228285,2021-03-23 11:02:29,"Demi Lovato Revealed The Media Calling Her ""Morbidly Obese"" Led To Her Almost Relapsing Immediately After Her Near-Fatal Overdose",https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/elliewoodward/demi-lovato-relapsed-overdose-body-shaming-morbidly-obese,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"“That’s the most triggering thing that you could possibly write about somebody with an eating disorder. I wanted to use. I wanted to give up.” 
    Posted on March 23, 2021, at 7:02 a.m. ET
     “I’m surprised I didn’t OD [the night of the first relapse],” she said during a clip from her upcoming documentary. “I just went to town. That night I did drugs I’d never done before. I’d never done meth before, I tried meth. I mixed it with [ecstasy], with coke, weed, alcohol, oxycontin. That alone should have killed me.” “I honestly think that’s what led to everything happening,” she went on. “It was just me thinking I found recovery when I didn’t, and then living this lie and trying to tell the world I was happy with myself when I really wasn’t.” She also said that she suffered three strokes and a heart attack, and is still experiencing brain impairment as well as blind spots in her vision. Ellie Woodward is a deputy news director for BuzzFeed News and is based in London. A BuzzFeed News investigation, in partnership with the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, based on thousands of documents the government didn't want you to see. ",210,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886228299,2021-03-23 11:00:10,This 31 Question Quiz Will Determine If You Are Gay Or Straight,https://www.buzzfeed.com/mjs538/gay-questions-quiz,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,Good luck! BuzzFeed Staff BuzzFeed Staff Can you beat your friends at this quiz? Challenge them to a trivia party! ,21,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886228158,2021-03-23 06:44:23,"Lindsey Vonn, Hugh Jackman sing along to Justin Timberlake's 'Can't Stop the Feeling!' in fun video",https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/lindsey-vonn-hugh-jackman-sing-along-justin-timberlake-cant-stop-the-feeling,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top entertainment and celebrity headlines are here. Check out what's clicking today in entertainment. In the video, Vonn is seen jamming out on the piano and belting out the lyrics to Timberlake’s hit single from DreamWork’s ""Trolls,"" while Jackman harmonized and violinist Grant Gardner played along. Vonn and Jackman were captured performing the song in a ski lodge that overlooked the snow-covered slopes of Park City, Utah. LINDSEY VONN SAYS PANDEMIC HELPED HER REALIZE WHAT MAKES HER 'HAPPY' AND 'MOTIVATED' IN LIFE Fans and celebrities alike chimed in to praise Vonn for her multihyphenate abilities. ""The crossover event we never knew we needed!"" one commenter wrote. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP ""This week was Huuuuuge skiing with Hugh,"" Vonn quipped. ""The greatest showman is also a great skier... who knew!"" CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER The race ultimately saw Jackman coming out the winner after Vonn gave the actor a lengthy head-start. ",163,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886228277,2021-03-23 10:01:06,37 Affordable Minimalist Products For Anyone Whose Bedroom Needs A Bit More Calm,https://www.buzzfeed.com/emmalord9/affordable-minimalist-products-for-bedrooms,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"Clean lines, full aesthetic, can't lose. BuzzFeed Staff We hope you love the products we recommend! All of them were independently selected by our editors. Just so you know, BuzzFeed may collect a share of sales or other compensation from the links on this page if you decide to shop from them. Oh, and FYI — prices are accurate and items in stock as of time of publication. Also, the weight capacity on these is NO JOKE. Even the smaller ones hold up to 15 pounds, to the point where reviewers were balancing textbooks on them.  The ""woodland"" scent has notes of cedar, fir, and lemon peel, inspired by the Pacific Northwest.  I got one of these for my mom for Christmas (her entire kitchen is pink, it is a Big Mood) and can confirm it is QUITE beautiful in person.  The diffuser comes with six essential oils: lavender, tea tree, peppermint, eucalyptus, lemongrass, and sweet orange.  Psst — a lot of reviewers use these outdoors on porches and tree branches, too!  Reviews have been edited for length and/or clarity. ",186,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886229186,2021-03-23 06:38:01,Mother who suffers from cataplexy COLLAPSES any time she sees someone she finds attractive,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392477/Mother-suffers-cataplexy-COLLAPSES-time-sees-finds-attractive.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 88 A mother avoids making eye contact with men because she suffers from a rare brain disorder that means she collapses any time she sees someone she finds attractive. Kirsty Brown, 32, from Northwich, Cheshire, has been diagnosed with cataplexy - a sudden muscle paralysis which can be triggered by any strong emotion such as anger, laughter and fear. The condition is most commonly associated with narcolepsy, a sleep disorder, and attacks usually last less than two minutes. The mother-of-two is forced to keep her head down in public to avoid hurting herself when her knees buckle. Kirsty said: 'It's so embarrassing. I was out shopping once and I saw someone that looked alright, and my legs just went and I had to cling onto my cousin for support. Kirsty Brown (pictured left and right, with her son Joey), 32, from Northwich, Cheshire, suffers from cataplexy - a sudden muscle paralysis which can be triggered by any strong emotion 'If I see someone attractive, my legs just go so I try not to put myself in situations where that could happen, or I try to keep my eyes down for my own safety.' On average, Kirsty has five cataplexy attacks per day but can have up to 50 on a bad day, making it difficult to leave the house. She said: 'Considering it's a sleep disorder, we don't sleep much and when we do it isn't a deep sleep so if I'm really tired, I have more attacks than usual. 'I can have an attack at the top of a flight of stairs if they're steep because I don't like heights. I'm trying to move to a new house that doesn't have stairs or where I can have a stairlift. Kirsty pictured having a cataplexy attack when she was younger. On average, Kirsty has five cataplexy attacks per day but can have up to 50 on a bad day The mother with her nephew, Harry, and sons Ryan and Joey. Kirsty was born with the narcolepsy gene, but it was brought on early by a head injury when she was aged nine Cataplexy is a sudden muscle paralysis that can be triggered by any strong emotion such as anger, laughter and fear. It can range from a barely noticeable weakening of the facial muscles to weakness of the knees and collapsing.  The condition is most commonly associated with narcolepsy, a sleep disorder, and attacks usually last less than two minutes but can only go on for a few seconds or, during repeated attacks, up to 30 minutes. Those suffering from the condition stay fully conscious throughout both mild and severe attacks. Around 75 per cent of people with narcolepsy, a rare neurological condition, are thought to have suffered from cataplexy.  Source: Narcolepsy UK  'Anger and laughter trigger it and me and my sisters are either arguing or making each other laugh because they're the funniest people I know. 'I think they know what they're doing sometimes, if they know I won't hurt myself then they'll make me laugh. 'Even if I just find myself funny, I can have an attack. It's any strong emotion or loud noises like beeping cars or shouting. 'I haven't had an attraction that strong recently that it would trigger an attack which on one hand is brilliant but also a bit sad because I'd like to feel that attracted to someone. 'There's been times when I've been arguing, and I've collapsed which does put an end to the argument. I'm due to have physio on my back because I hurt it when I had an attack.' Kirsty was born with the narcolepsy gene, but it was brought on early by a head injury when she was aged nine. She said: 'Me and some friends were throwing stones into a tree to get conkers and one hit me on the head. 'I would have suffered with cataplexy eventually because of the gene anyway. 'It has been a struggle because I brought my kids up on my own and it's hard to find a job when you need to explain that you could collapse at any point. 'When I have an attack I don't feel anything go through my body, it's like a short circuit from the brain to the muscle is interrupted and I just lose control over my legs, but the top half of my body does feel strong.' Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",752,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886229179,2021-03-23 06:46:19,Indian smugglers caught hiding gold under their wigs after suspicious haircuts gave them away,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392513/Indian-smugglers-caught-hiding-gold-wigs-suspicious-haircuts-gave-away.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 216 This is the moment two men were caught smuggling gold and cash into an airport, underneath their wigs. Suspects Magroob Akbarali and Zubair Hassan Rafiyutheen were stopped while leaving the airport on Sunday because of their suspicious hairstyles.   Officials soon discovered they were wearing wigs concealing two gold paste packets weighing 698 grams. This is the moment Magroob Akbarali and Zubair Hassan Rafiyutheen were caught smuggling gold and cash into an airport, underneath their wigs The suspects were stopped while leaving the airport on Sunday because of their suspicious hairstyles Officials soon discovered they were wearing wigs concealing two gold paste packets weighing 698 grams Officials discovered black packets filled with cash and gold paste glued to the crook's heads. Gold was also recovered form their socks and rectums Airport customs officials seized gold and foreign currency worth a total of $382,943 (£277,961) from southern India's Chennai International Airport on March 21 In the footage, officials can be seen peeling back the fake hair to reveal black packets filled with cash and gold paste glued to crook's heads. Gold was also recovered from their socks and rectums. The cash, along with chunks of gold and other illicit items can be seen laid out on the counter as the crooks watch on in embarrassment. The pair were arrested in the airport terminal after arriving at Chennai from Dubai. Airport customs officials seized gold and foreign currency worth a total of $382,943 (£277,961) from southern India's Chennai International Airport on March 21. The cash, along with chunks of gold and other illicit items can be seen laid out on the counter as the crooks watch on in embarrassment  Magroob Akbarali and Zubair Hassan Rafiyutheen were arrested in the airport terminal after arriving at Chennai from Dubai A similar incident took place on Friday when three men were arrested at Chennai airport for concealing gold under their wigs Three gold paste packets weighing 2410 grams were found on the passengers who had travelled from Dubai and Sharjah on Friday In another case, a 42-year-old man travelling to Chennai from Dubai had concealed three bundles of gold paste in his rectum In a separate incident, gold bars were found in a cloth bag concealed in a hollow pipe under one of the aircraft's seats A similar incident took place on Friday when three men were arrested at Chennai airport for concealing gold under their wigs.  Three gold paste packets weighing 2410 grams were found on the passengers who had travelled from Dubai and Sharjah.  In another case, a 42-year-old man travelling to Chennai from Dubai had concealed three bundles of gold paste in his rectum.   Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",461,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886229174,2021-03-23 06:51:35,"Coronavirus UK: Doctors, nurses, teachers and MPs call for Covid Memorial Day",https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392741/Coronavirus-UK-Doctors-nurses-teachers-MPs-call-Covid-Memorial-Day.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 616 More than 50 MPs and peers along with the health unions, the British Medical Association and the Royal College of Nursing are backing the calls. Schools, workplaces and public venues would hold a silence at noon every year so that people can pay tribute to the efforts of frontline workers during the pandemic. Wreaths would also be laid under the plans at a new coronavirus memorial monument on Whitehall in London, which is also where The Cenotaph is located. Wreaths would be laid at a new coronavirus memorial monument on Whitehall under the plans In a letter to the Prime Minister, MPs said the nation 'must remember the lives lost and lives changed with dignity, and commemorate the efforts of our frontline and key workers with pride'. MPs and peers, including Tory MP Dr Dan Poulter, signed the letter organised by Layla Moran, the MP who chairs the all-party parliamentary group on coronavirus.  The Prince of Wales has lent his support to the day of national reflection being held on the anniversary of the first UK lockdown. Prince Charles has recorded a message to support the day of national reflection today The nation will pause today in remembrance of those who have died during the crisis in the past year, organised by the end-of-life charity Marie Curie. In a recorded message, Charles, who is a patron of the charity, said: 'We have all been inspired by the resourcefulness we have witnessed, humbled by the dedication shown by so many, and moved, beyond words, by the sacrifices we have seen. 'Whatever our faith or philosophy may be, let us take a moment together to remember those who have been lost, to give thanks for their lives, and to acknowledge the inexpressible pain of parting. 'In their memory, let us resolve to work for a future inspired by our highest values, that have been displayed so clearly by the people of this country through this most challenging of times.'  Ms Moran said: 'A Covid Memorial Day will bring communities across the UK together to mourn the lives lost and lives changed by this pandemic and ensure they are never forgotten. 'This is also a chance to show our recognition and gratitude to the heroes on the frontline who have kept our NHS, schools and other vital services running. 'We owe it to all those who made the ultimate sacrifice to remember them with dignity, learn the lessons of this crisis and ensure the country is better prepared when the next pandemic strikes.' Separately the Royal College of Nursing, the Local Government Association and the NASUWT teacher's trade union backed the initiative. British Medical Association council chairman Dr Chaand Nagpaul said: 'For many of us working in the NHS, there has been nothing in living memory that has had such a profound and devastating impact on our nation and health service as the coronavirus pandemic – a pandemic that will undoubtedly shape our future for years to come. 'The Covid Memorial Day should serve as an important reminder for the many who sadly lost their lives throughout this pandemic and for their loved ones who bear this loss. 'It is also a day to acknowledge the remarkable efforts of all the health and care staff, key workers and those who have and continue to work tirelessly, often putting their own health at risk to come to the aid of others and save lives. 'Crucially, this day should be marked in history to ensure that we never take for granted our health service and are constantly progressing and learning lessons that will serve us well in the future.' Today, Mr Johnson offered his condolences to those bereaved during the pandemic and praised the 'great spirit' shown during the past year on the anniversary of the first national lockdown. The nation will pause in remembrance of those who have died during the crisis as part of a national day of reflection, organised by the end-of-life charity Marie Curie. A minute's silence will be held at 12pm followed by a bell toll, and people are being encouraged to stand on their doorsteps at 8pm with phones, candles and torches to signify a 'beacon of remembrance'. Dean of Blackburn, the Very Reverend Peter Howell-Jones, is pictured today during the National Day of Reflection at Blackburn Cathedral, on the anniversary of the first lockdown More than 250 organisations are supporting the day of reflection, including 82 leaders from religious groups and cross-party politicians, care organisations, charities, businesses, emergency services, public sector bodies and community groups. Mr Johnson, who will observe the minute's silence privately, said: 'The last 12 months has taken a huge toll on us all, and I offer my sincere condolences to those who have lost loved ones. 'Today, the anniversary of the first lockdown, is an opportunity to reflect on the past year - one of the most difficult in our country's history. 'We should also remember the great spirit shown by our nation over this past year. We have all played our part, whether it's working on the front line as a nurse or carer, working on vaccine development and supply, helping to get that jab into arms, home schooling your children, or just by staying at home to prevent the spread of the virus. A healthcare worker during the National Day of Reflection at Blackburn Cathedral this morning 'It's because of every person in this country that lives have been saved, our NHS was protected, and we have started on our cautious road to easing restrictions once and for all.' According to the latest available data from the Office for National Statistics, there have been 618,676 deaths from all causes registered in England and Wales between March 21, 2020 and the week ending March 5, 2021. The figures also show that, across the UK, 147,681 deaths have now occurred where Covid-19 was mentioned on the death certificate. The Health Foundation calculates that those who died with Covid-19 have lost up to 10 years of life on average, with a total of up to 1.5 million potential years of life lost.  To mark the anniversary, London's skyline will turn yellow with landmarks including the London Eye, Trafalgar Square and Wembley Stadium lighting up at nightfall. Prime Minister Boris Johnson visits BAE Systems at Warton Aerodrome in Lancashire yesterday Other notable buildings that will be illuminated include Cardiff Castle and Belfast City Hall, while churches and cathedrals will toll bells, light thousands of candles and offer prayers. In Portsmouth, churches will deliver more than 50 boxes of chocolates and cards to local GP surgeries, care homes and schools to thank key workers for their pandemic efforts. The Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby said: 'This day of reflection is an opportunity to pause and remember all that's happened over the past year, to mourn those who have died but also to give thanks for those who have looked after us and our communities. 'It is a moment to pray together to our Father in Heaven to comfort us in our grief and to lead us into the hope of the risen Christ and the eternal life he promises. 'As we reflect on the pandemic, may He strengthen our resolve to rebuild a kinder, fairer and more compassionate society, may He be with those who are struggling and may He guide us in honouring those we have lost over the past year.' Layla Moran, the MP who chairs the all-party parliamentary group on coronavirus, organised the letter. She is pictured last July while hosting the inaugural meeting of the group Lending his support to the national day of reflection, the Prince of Wales, who is a patron of Marie Curie, said: 'Whatever our faith or philosophy may be, let us take a moment together to remember those who have been lost, to give thanks for their lives, and to acknowledge the inexpressible pain of parting. 'In their memory, let us resolve to work for a future inspired by our highest values, that have been displayed so clearly by the people of this country through this most challenging of times.' Nursing staff will also pause to say thank you to members of the public for their year of sacrifice, and remember the loss of friends, colleagues and patients. Nursing leader Dame Donna Kinnair said: 'After a year of sacrifices and gestures, great and small, we are taking our turn to thank the public. In a time of loss and fear, they helped us to keep digging deeper. 'We will take a day to remember and reflect - as much about the future we want as the year we've had.' Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",1462,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886229169,2021-03-23 06:55:39,"Teacher, 47, with boy lover, 15, 'was beaten to death by her cage fighter boyfriend'",https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392555/Teacher-47-boy-lover-15-beaten-death-cage-fighter-boyfriend.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/,"Paul Robson, 50, was in breach of his prison licence when he murdered his ex-partner A cage fighter on trial for blackmailing and murdering his ex-partner was in breach of his prison licence and had been 'unlawfully at large' for months at the time of the killing, a court heard. Paul Robson, 50, denies murdering Caroline Kayll, 47, and attempting to murder a teenage boy with whom she had illegally been having sex. Newcastle Crown Court heard Robson had been sentenced to 10 years in jail for drugs and firearms offences, and it was while he was behind bars that he met Mrs Kayll, then working as a prison teacher. The court has heard they started a clandestine relationship in prison and he moved in to her home in Linton, Northumberland, after he was freed. When their relationship ended, he found out she had been having underage sex with a 15-year-old, and the jury was told he blackmailed her about it, threatening to ruin her. He was then said to have travelled from Glasgow to her home, where the jury was told he murdered Mrs Kayll and severely injured the teenage boy in November 2020. Robson, of Wallsend, North Tyneside, denies murder, attempted murder and blackmailing his ex-partner, and he claims he was attacked by the youth in Mrs Kayll's home.  Pictured: Caroline Kayll, who died in hospital after attack in Linton, Northumberland on November 15 The jury was read a series of agreed facts by the prosecution. Barrister Richard Bennett told the court Robson was jailed in 2014 for a total of 10 years for drugs and firearms offences, and that while at HMP Northumberland he gained 'trusted' status and worked in the education department, where Mrs Kayll was a teacher. He was released on licence in November 2018, but was then recalled to prison in March 2019 because he had breached his licence, the court heard. 'Following this, Paul Robson was unlawfully at large,' Mr Bennett said. After the murder police found an electronic copy of Robson's CV on a memory stick, in which he said he was a ex-professional fighter and amateur powerlifter who wanted to become an assessor and verifier.  A pathologist at Newcastle Crown Court told jurors Ms Kayll had 60 injuries and died from blunt force to her head.    The boy was found to have suffered 45 injuries, having been stabbed, chopped and slashed, he had bite marks to his arm and defensive injuries to his hands, the court has heard.      Robson claimed in a defence case statement that he was attacked from behind while talking to Ms Kayll.  He said he came round from unconsciousness to find the youth standing over her as she lay motionless on the floor of her house last November. But pathologist Dr Nigel Cooper, asked if Robson's injuries match up with Robson's own account, replied: 'No they don't. 'Usually the victim has injuries worse than the assailant. There's an enormous discrepancy in the number of injuries between (the boy) and Mr Robson. They are consistent with Robson being the assailant and (the youth) being the victim.'  Dr Cooper told the court Ms Kayll had a 'catastrophic brain injury'.  As well as multiple areas of bruising to various parts of her head, face, and body, arms and legs, there were cuts to both buttocks.  She also had fractures to both cheekbones. She suffered multiple fractures to her eye socket and nose.   Her brain was found to have been badly damaged by a lack of blood and oxygen. It was also severely swollen, there was nerve fibre damage and a small amount of bleeding. Referring to the neuropathologist's report, Dr Cooper said: 'He says severe force has been applied to Caroline's head, including an action causing a violent rotational movement of the head. 'The brain has twisted violently inside the head to cause the fibre damage.' The jurors were shown pictures of Robson stopping off on his way from Glasgow It is said he drove for three hours from Glasgow to Linton, having bought a locksmith's bar, a magnetic GPS car tracker, screwdrivers, pliers, a wrench and ammonia Referring to causation of the brain injuries, Dr Cooper said a pathologist believes someone kicked or stamped on her head.  He added that it would require a 'severe' level of force.  Meanwhile, Dr Cooper said the youth suffered three stab wounds, 19 slashing or chopping injuries, a chop wound to his face with an underlying fracture, seven scratches or similar marks which may or may not have been caused by a sharp weapon and superficial puncture wounds from something used repeatedly, possibly scissors. Here Robson is pictured with a drink bottle that he picked up on journey, Newcastle Crown Court heard The teenager also had four bite marks to his arms and four blunt force injuries. There were other indistinct injuries and injuries to his hands, including to tendons, which could have been defensive injuries. Robson claims he was struck from behind while speaking to Ms Kayll.    He said he recalls someone throttling him, doesn't know how long he was unconscious and he came round dazed. The statement said he saw the youth standing over Ms Kayll, who was lying motionless on the floor. His defence statement added: 'He said he chased (the youth) who ran upstairs. The defendant says (he) was in a rage, calling Caroline a liar and a c*** and he was trying to stab the defendant. 'At one point he stabbed with such force his hand slipped down the hilt onto the blade.' Shortly after this picture was taken the powerfully-built defendant was seen on CCTV in heavy boots 'prowling' outside her house, the jury heard The statement went on to say Robson disarmed the youth of the knife but that the youth was in a rage and forced him out of an ensuite bathroom and into the bedroom and that he ended up on top of Robson and was saying 'she's a f****** liar'. It added: 'He was intent on driving the scissors into the defendant's face. 'He bit him and managed to wrestle the scissors from him. He accepts stabbing him a number of times to subdue him.' The statement went on: 'The defendant dragged him downstairs. He then went to Caroline Kayll and realised a lot of her hair had been cut off. 'The defendant attempted mouth to mouth but her mouth was full of blood. Pictured: Police at the scene in November 'He sprayed her face with a hose to clear away the hair and wash away the blood. 'He tried mouth to mouth and put her in the recovery position.' Robson then claimed the youth 'came at him again' with a meat cleaver but that he got the better of him and disarmed him He accepted he struck him a number of times with the knife but insisted he inflicted the injuries lawfully in self-defence. The trial continues on Wednesday. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",1185,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886229162,2021-03-23 06:59:12,Chilling police calls reveal the moment the Colorado massacre began,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392659/Chilling-police-calls-reveal-moment-Colorado-massacre-began.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 131 Chilling audio has detailed how panicked Boulder Police officers told dispatchers a 'bearded man' in a tactical vest was opening fire on them and they were instructed to take 'head-shots only' as the Colorado grocery store massacre unfolded.  Ten people, including Boulder police officer Eric Talley, were shot dead inside the King Soopers grocery store on Monday afternoon when a gunman, since identified by police as 21-year-old Ahmad Alissa, opened fire.  The other victims include: Rikki Olds, 25, Denny Stong, 20, Neven Stanisic, 23, Tralona Bartkowiak, 49, Suzanne Fountain, 59, Teri Leiker, 51, Kevin Mahoney, 61, Lynn Murray, 62, and Jody Waters, 65.  Reports of the shooting first came in at about 2.30pm when a dispatcher could be heard on the police scanner alerting officers: 'It looks like we have an active shooter'.  Officers were told a white man had been seen firing at people with a rifle in the parking lot.  They were told he was possibly wearing a tactical vest and were instructed to take 'head-shots only'.       Sarah Moonshadow is comforted by David and Maggie Talley after Moonshadow was inside King Soopers grocery store during a shooting in Boulder on Monday  Pictured: King Soopers employees are led away from an active shooter at the King Soopers grocery store in Boulder, Colorado, U.S. March 22. 2021 As law enforcement arrived, they found a scene of carnage. Two people were lying unresponsive on the ground outside the store, with a third just inside the entrance. Pictured: Police guard people evacuated after a call of an active shooter at the King Soopers grocery store in Boulder Officers are seen on an armored truck as it approaches the scene of the shooting on Monday  Police stand outside the King Soopers grocery store where the deadly shooting took place on Monday afternoon  As more law enforcement arrived, they found scenes of carnage.  Two people were lying unresponsive on the ground outside the store and a third just inside the entrance. 'Shooter inside! He just shot at us twice,' one officer can he heard shouting on the scanner.  'Officer down inside the building,' another yelled.   Audio from the shooting indicates that Talley was shot within 20 minutes of the first call coming in.  'Multiple people down so far. One officer down. Unknown status. We can't get to him,' one officer said.  'Due to body armor, head-shots only,' one officer said over the radio around 30 minutes into the shooting, according to audio obtained the Colorado Sun. As the chaos continued to unfold, a dispatcher could be heard asking: 'You may need more than one helicopter?'   'Multiple people down,' an officer responded.   It's unclear if the man with the bleeding leg (pictured in handcuffs) is the suspected gunman  The shirtless man is seen being loaded onto a stretcher after the shooting on Monday  Shoppers are escorted out of a King Soopers grocery where a gunman opened fire on Monday  A SWAT team member runs toward the King Soopers grocery store where a gunman opened fire on Monday in Boulder Boulder (depicted) is located about 25 miles northwest of Denver  In addition to the harrowing dispatch audio, witnesses who fled the store have since described their terror.  One survivor, Ryan Borowski, told CNN he was on his way to buy ice cream when he heard three loud pops, after which everyone started running.  'We ran to the back of the store and out the back door and employees showed us the way. We told employees what was going on so everybody helped each other,' he said.  'I didn't see the shooter. I saw terrified faces running towards me and that's when I turned and ran the other direction.'    He was working at the King Soopers when he heard gunshots and saw people fleeing. James Graham, a 47-year-old from Erie, said he was in the check-out lane of the supermarket when he heard a loud bang, followed by glass falling on him. He initially thought something had fallen on him, but he quickly realized he was being shot at. Nevin Sloan, who narrowly escaped with his wife Quinlan, said panic then set in as the sound of gunshots drew closer and shoppers were forced to decide whether to stay put or make a break for the exit.  A law enforcement officer speaks with a woman outside the perimeter of a shooting site at King Soopers grocery store in Boulder on Monday  Sarah Moonshadow and her son Nick stand outside the crime scene after being inside Kingsoopers during the shooting  'All of a sudden we started hearing more, like 'bang, bang, bang, bang' and I sprinted over to her and just told her 'hey we need to get out of here',' he told CBS, saying they had helped others flee through an emergency exit. 'I just nearly got killed for getting a soda and a bag of chips,' Ryan Borowski, who was in the store when he heard at least eight gunshots, told CNN. 'It doesn't feel like there's anywhere safe anymore.' Anna Haynes, 21, told the Daily Beast that she watched the events unfold from her window.  A gunman killed 10 people, including Boulder Officer Eric Talley (pictured), at a grocery store in Colorado on Monday She said she froze when she saw a man shoot someone on a ramp into the store, before telling her roommate. 'We just stared and we've been staring ever since,' Haynes said, speaking from her porch. 'I saw it but I didn't believe it.' Mark Naughton, 53, said he also saw the gunman shoot someone in the parking lot as he watched from his window, having just returned from the store himself. 'I was a terrified he might be coming across the street this way,' he told the Daily Beast.  'He just came in and started shooting,' the witness said. Another witness recalled the gunman 'let off a couple of shots, then was silent, and then he let off a couple more. He wasn't spraying.'     Another man who said he was shopping at the store told KCNC-TV that he heard 'one loud bang, thought somebody just dropped something an employee or something, and then another, and then by the third one, everybody was running'.  He said they ran to the back of the store, found the employee area and workers told them how to escape. He said they walked single file, with their arms on the backs of those in front of them.  Another man told KCNC said his family was inside the pharmacy at King Soopers to get a Covid-19 vaccine when the shooter entered the building.  'I got the call from my daughter and my grandchildren that my son-in-law walked into the pharmacy for him to get a Covid-19 shot and the shooter came in, shot the woman in front of them,' the man told the station.  He said his family then hid in a closet for an hour before they were rescued.  'They were texting, hiding in the coat closet. Turned their phone off and were going 'we're hiding, we're okay' you know, 'don't call' you know the phone would ring and give away their position,' he added.  Heavily-armed officers are seen standing outside the supermarket on Monday afternoon  Healthcare workers were rushed out of the King Soopers grocery store after a gunman opened fire inside  Officers from the Boulder Police Department are seen standing outside the grocery store on Monday  An emotional healthcare worker is seen standing outside the supermarket after being rushed to safety  Sarah Moonshadow told the Denver Post that two shots rang out just after she and her son, Nicolas Edwards, finished buying strawberries. She said she told her son to get down and then 'we just ran'. Once they got outside, she said they saw a body in the parking lot. Edwards said police were speeding into the lot and pulled up next to the body. 'I knew we couldn't do anything for the guy,' he said. 'We had to go.'   Dean Schiller told The Associated Press that he had just left the supermarket when he heard gunshots and saw three people lying face down, two in the parking lot and one near the doorway. He said he 'couldn't tell if they were breathing'. Video posted on YouTube showed one person on the floor inside the store and two more outside on the ground. What sounds like two gunshots are also heard at the beginning of the video. Law enforcement vehicles and officers massed outside the store, including SWAT teams, and at least three helicopters landed on the roof. Some windows at the front of the store were broken. At one point, authorities said over a loudspeaker that the building was surrounded and that 'you need to surrender'.    Tactical police units respond to the scene of King Soopers. The windows of the store were left broken, likely from gunfire  Police use firefighting equipment to enter a King Sooper's grocery store where a gunman opened fire on Monday  Law enforcement officers sweep the area outside of the King Soopers grocery store Police respond to the scene of a King Soopers grocery store after the shooting on Monday Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",1539,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886229159,2021-03-23 07:00:59,Shop owner forced to replace new floral sign after ONE local complained it was too colourful,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392745/Shop-owner-forced-replace-new-floral-sign-ONE-local-complained-colourful.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 88 The owner of a women's clothes shop has been forced to tear down her new floral signs - after one person complained they were 'too colourful'. Kerry Ashby, 60, gave the front of her store a makeover and was hoping the vibrant new look would attract more customers when she reopens on April 12. She forked out £600 for a professional decorator to paint two new signs for her Chameleon clothes shop in Louth, Lincs. Kerrry also installed a flowered archway at the entrance to her shop, which is in a conservation area of the town, for customers to walk through. But council leaders ordered her to replace the signs with the original dull beige and green ones and tear down the floral door decorations, saying they broke planning laws. The ruling came after just one person complained to East Lindsey District Council about the new design which was finished last September. Kerry Ashby, 60, installed vibrant signs in preparation for reopening in April but was forced to replace it with the old one (pictured) after one complaint to the local council in Louth, Lincs Kerry, who has run the shop for seven years, said: 'When I moved in here I had a new sign done and put it up straight away. 'There were no problems at all and then last September I decided to have a new one sign and brighten it up a bit because over the years the sign was looking dull. 'I had a very nice floral sign done for the top and the bottom of the shop and a garland to go around the door. 'That was up for three months and everybody loved it and I used to positive comments from the customers. 'Then one day I got a letter from the council saying they had been a complaint by somebody and it wasn't in keeping with the area. 'Just one person complained so the council had to follow it up. I later found out that I should have got planning permission but I didn't with the other one. Kerry also installed a floral walkway in the hope it would attract new customers on April 12 'I didn't even know that the building was in a conservation area and that is the excuse they used for telling me that it was basically too colourful. 'They did say that I could put in for a respective planning permission but I wouldn't get it. 'Consequently I've had to remove the sign and put another plain sign up which is just boring. 'I'm really upset about it as it looks bland now compared to how vibrant it looked. 'I had seen what shops in places like Stratford-upon-Avon had and they were similar and looked nice. 'I'm very disheartened because when you go around the country there are lots of places and market towns that are bright and lively whereas Louth is stuck in a time warp.' Ms Ashby says she was unaware her shop was in a conservation area and says she believes Louth (pictured) is stuck in a 'time warp' compared to other market towns across the country The store has now removed the flower archway and rose-patterned décor and returned to the original beige background with dark green lettering. A spokesman from East Lindsey District Council said: 'As the premises is a Listed Building and it is situated in a Conservation Area, there are limitations as to what is acceptable because the fabric of the building needs to be preserved so that the character and any special or architectural features are protected. 'We did provide advice to the owner as to what schemes would be acceptable and offered the option for alternative designs to be submitted directly to us to see in advance so we could advise if they were acceptable or not, before anything more was ordered or purchased. 'The owner submitted a few different schemes and we considered these and advised which were acceptable. 'The favoured design was then purchased and it is now displayed on the shop front. This has resolved the breach of listed building control. 'No formal action was necessary as the owner co-operated with our requests and voluntarily changed the sign.' Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",723,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886229154,2021-03-23 07:01:49,"Married fire chief, 49, is fined £200 for breaking lockdown rules",https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392713/Married-fire-chief-49-fined-200-breaking-lockdown-rules.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 566 Mark Andrews, 49, the £100,000-a-year Deputy Chief Officer at West Sussex Fire and Rescue Service, drove 20 miles to see Anna Colwell, 34, even though she no longer works for him. The father-of-two initially claimed they were 'work colleagues' but later admitted that Mrs Colwell is now employed by an entirely separate fire brigade. He was pictured visiting Mrs Colwell's home in Worthing, West Sussex and the pair were also photographed driving around in her white Mini Cooper without masks. Mark Andrews (left), 49, the £100,000-a-year Deputy Chief Officer at West Sussex Fire & Rescue Service, is being investigated for visiting his former secretary Anna Colwell, 34, (right) Married Mr Andrews and his former secretary Mrs Colwall were pictured travelling in her Mini without wearing masks despite the fact that they are not in the same household In August, Mr Andrews re-joined West Sussex Fire Service where he began his career  Now Mr Andrews and his former secretary, who works for the neighbouring East Sussex Fire and Rescue Service, have both been fined £200 for breaking lockdown rules. He could also lose his £105,000 job as deputy fire chief of West Sussex if he is found to have visited his former secretary during work hours. Both Mr Andrews, who lives in a £1.5m mansion with his wife Judy, 58, and Mrs Colwell, 34, who is believed to be separated from her husband, Richard, are under investigation by their respective fire brigades for their conduct. However, despite the pair being paid by the taxpayer both brigades have refused to reveal whether the are still working for them. Both brigades have also refused to make public the outcome of their disciplinary investigations. Mr Andrews is married to Judy Andrews (left), 58, with whom he has a son and daughter. Mrs Colwell (right) was hired as his assistant last April, in which he chaired the recruiting panel Government rules state that two households should not mix to help battle the spread of Covid-19. Mr Andrews has been a strong supporter of the anti-Covid rules and is vice-chair of the Sussex Resilience Forum, a body made up of emergency and contingency support groups. Last month it tweeted: 'Not only are we in a national lockdown but the £Sussex LRF has declared a major incident in order that public services can escalate their response to the unprecedented pressures of #Covid19 on the county. Please follow government rules and stay at home.' Mr Andrews and Mrs Colwell, a mother of two young boys, met while she was working as a civilian worker for Sussex Police which shares the same HQ in Lewes as the East Sussex fire service. When Mr Andrews was looking for an assistant last April, she applied for the job and he chaired the interview panel which appointed her. In August, he re-joined West Sussex Fire Service where he began his career more than 25 years ago, but their friendship continued after his departure. Neither fire brigade would indicate how long the investigations would last or when they would conclude. A spokesperson for West Sussex Fire & Rescue Service said: 'A disciplinary investigation is continuing. The outcome of disciplinary investigations are not made public. 'West Sussex Fire & Rescue Service takes any breach of COVID-19 regulations very seriously and will take appropriate action where necessary.' A spokesperson for East Sussex Fire & Rescue said: 'The service does not make public any internal disciplinary investigations or outcomes. 'We take seriously any allegations of breaches of Covid regulations and take appropriate action where necessary.' Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",611,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886228157,2021-03-23 06:46:52,Bucks trounce Pacers 140-113 without injured Antetokounmpo,https://www.foxnews.com/sports/bucks-trounce-pacers-140-113-without-injured-antetokounmpo,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. Jrue Holiday led the way. ""When somebody like our best player is not playing that night, we kind of lock in,"" Holiday said. ""Everybody has to do a little bit more. It's a testament to the team we have."" CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM ""We’re hoping it’s shorter rather than longer, but we’ll see how these first 48 to 72 hours go and we’ll know more then,"" Budenholzer said before Monday’s game. With Antetokounmpo out of the lineup, Pat Connaughton made his first start of the season and collected 20 points and nine rebounds while shooting 6 of 7 from 3-point range. Khris Middleton had 25 points, eight rebounds and six assists. ""We’ll see how he does overnight and what he feels like and looks like tomorrow,"" Budenholzer said. Indiana wasn’t close to full strength, either. The Pacers were missing Malcolm Brogdon (sore lower back) and Myles Turner (sprained left ankle) and remained without T.J. Warren, who hasn’t played since Dec. 29 due to a stress fracture in his left foot. ""I don't think it's serious,"" Pacers coach Nate Bjorkgren said of the Brogdon and Turner injuries. ""I would expect them back very soon."" Even without Antetokounmpo, the Bucks made short work of the Pacers. Holiday recorded season highs in both points and assists. Indiana’s Doug McDermott opened the game with a 3-pointer, but the Bucks scored the next 19 points and stayed in command the rest of the way. ""I just thought our overall readiness and our aggressiveness to start the game was not there tonight, for a number of different reasons,"" Bjorkgren said. The Bucks went 9 of 10 from 3-point range in the first 9½ minutes and led 48-26 by the end of the first quarter. That 48-point outburst represented the fifth-highest point total the Bucks have ever recorded in a single quarter. ""It's contagious,"" Holiday said. ""The ball has energy. Pushing the pace and seeing the ball go through the hoop, the hoop just grows and gets bigger. From there, I feel like the pressure kind of falls off your shoulders, the weight kind of falls and you just let it go and let it shoot."" Indiana got 22 points from Domantas Sabonis, 21 from Jeremy Lamb, 20 from McDermott and 19 from Caris LeVert. TIP-INS Bucks: Connaughton made his 13th start in 322 career regular-season games. … The Bucks led 83-60 and matched their highest first-half point total of the season. ... The Bucks are 9-0 against Central Division foes. UP NEXT Pacers: Host Detroit on Wednesday for just their third home contest in their last 13 games. ",450,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886229147,2021-03-23 07:04:41,"Retired US builder, 63, arrested in Uganda on accusations of spying against the government",https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392575/Retired-builder-63-arrested-Uganda-accusations-spying-against-government.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/,"An American citizen has been arrested in Uganda on suspicion of subversion against the government. Guy Smith, 63, was arrested by a specialist security team in the town of Fort Portal on Sunday and is being held in Kampala, police said in a statement yesterday. The police cited 'alleged involvement in anti-government subversive activities' in its reasoning for the arrest. President Yoweri Museveni (pictured) has admitted citizens have been rounded up for alleged plotting against the state, and are being held by the military and other security agencies She said that her husband had been taken from their home in the early hours of Sunday.  Neighbours described seeing armed men in plain clothes take her husband away in a vehicle known in Uganda as a 'drone' - a van with blacked out windows and no number plate. These vehicles have become notorious for use by security forces to abduct opposition activists following a disputed January 2021 election, with multiple cases documented by Human Rights Watch. 'The recent spate of enforced disappearances has only compounded the intense climate of fear in Uganda following the recent violent national elections,' Oryem Nyeko, Africa researcher at Human Rights Watch, said in a statement earlier this month. Police in Uganda released a brief statement yesterday confirming they had arrested Guy Smith and cited 'alleged involvement in anti-government subversive activities' The opposition National Unity Platform alleges that hundreds of its supporters have been rounded up by security forces, with many dumped in remote locations days or weeks later after having been burned, electrocuted and their fingernails plucked out. President Yoweri Museveni has admitted citizens have been rounded up for alleged plotting against the state, and are being held by the military and other security agencies. According to Sharon Smith, her husband was not involved in politics and spent his days 'walking and watching the news' when he was not caring for their two children, aged 11 and eight. 'I have no idea why they've taken him... we just want to know what's happening and we want him released.' In a statement sent to AFP, the US State Department acknowledged that it had seen reports of a US citizen detained in Uganda and said it stood ready to provide consular support. Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",393,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886228156,2021-03-23 06:47:15,Gwyneth Paltrow reflects on Chris Martin split: ‘I never wanted to get divorced’,https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/gwyneth-paltrow-reflects-chris-martin-divorce,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top entertainment and celebrity headlines are here. Check out what's clicking today in entertainment. ""I never wanted to get divorced,"" Paltrow admitted on the podcast. ""I never wanted to not be married to the father of my kids, theoretically. But I have learned more about myself through that process than I could have imagined."" ""And because I focused on accountability, I was then able to find the most amazing man and build something that I've never had before with Brad [Falchuk], my husband,"" she continued. GWYNETH PALTROW REVEALS BEING FAMOUS MAKES HER UNCOMFORTABLE, CONFIRMS ACTING DEPARTURE Paltrow also spoke about her relationship with Falchuk. ""We were friends first for a long time and once I was like, 'Are we going to date? Is this happening?'"" the actress revealed. ""I was scared because he is a person who demands presence and intimacy and communication in a way that I just didn't know how to [do]."" 'JEOPARDY!' CONTESTANTS STUMPED OVER GWYNETH PALTROW QUESTION ""I like to fight by shutting down… I leave the room,"" she continued. ""And he's like, 'No,' he's like, 'Absolutely not. We are sitting down and we are figuring this out.' And he demands that I am honest with myself in a way that is hard for me but which really helps me grow."" Paltrow couldn't help but gush over Falchuk's ""amazing qualities"" as well.  ""It was like being with some kind of jiu-jitsu master where they're like, 'I'm going to make you see your own stuff so you can win and advance,'"" she said. CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER Paltrow and Martin got married in 2003. The couple split in 2014 and finalized their divorce in 2016. They share kids: Apple, 16, and Moses, 14. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP The actress later married Falchuk in 2018. ",308,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886230529,2021-03-23 06:25:11,Shells hit U.N. school sheltering evacuees,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/shells-hit-u-n-school-sheltering-evacuees/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886229138,2021-03-23 07:05:21,Members of the Shrewsbury 24 including win bid to clear their names at Court of Appeal,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392785/Members-Shrewsbury-24-including-win-bid-clear-names-Court-Appeal.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 79 Members of the Shrewsbury 24 - including Royle Family star Ricky Tomlinson - who were convicted for unlawful assembly during the 1972 builders' strike have won a bid to clear their names at the Court of Appeal.  Two dozen trade unionists who picketed during the 1972 national builders' strike were charged with offences including unlawful assembly, conspiracy to intimidate and affray for picketing. The pickets were striking for better wages and health and safety, at a time when many workers were injured or killed on building sites. Twenty-two of them were convicted across three trials in 1973 and 1974 and six were jailed, while two were acquitted. Lawyers representing 14 of the Shrewsbury 24 argued the destruction of original witness statements meant their convictions are unsafe. They also claimed the broadcast of a documentary, Red Under The Bed, during the first of three trials in 1973 and 1974 was 'deeply prejudicial' as it would have 'provoked panic in the mind' of the jury. The court had previously heard how MI5 had been consulted about the programme, with one lawyer claiming 'a covert executive agency played a part in deliberately propagandising against the core subject matter of the proceedings'. On Tuesday morning, the Court of Appeal allowed the appellants' challenge to their convictions. It ruled that the destruction of witness statements was 'unfair to the extent that the verdicts cannot be upheld,' but did not find that the airing of Red Under The Bed could have prejudiced a jury. Mr Tomlinson said the decision was a 'sorry day for British justice,' as 'we should never have been standing in the dock'. Legal team for Shrewsbury 24 argued the destruction of original witness statements meant their convictions are unsafe. Pictured: members of the group outside The Royal Courts Of Justice Actor Ricky Tomlinson (left) was among the Shrewsbury 24, who were charged after a builders' strike in 1972. Lawyers argue the airing of a documentary during their first trial was 'deeply prejudicial,' as it would have 'provoked panic in the mind' of the jury Ricky Tomlinson, said after the ruling: 'Whilst it is only right that these convictions are overturned, it is a sorry day for British justice. 'The reality is we should never have been standing in the dock! 'We were brought to trial at the apparent behest of the building industry bosses, the Conservative government and ably supported by the secret state. 'This was a political trial not just of me, and the Shrewsbury pickets - but was a trial of the trade union movement. 'My thoughts today are with my friend and comrade Des Warren. 'Like me, he was victimised by the court for defending the interests of the working class. 'I'm just sorry he is not here today so we can celebrate, but I'm sure he's with us in spirit.' Announcing the decision at the Royal Courts of Justice in London, Lord Justice Fulford said: 'These 14 appeals against conviction are allowed across the three trials and on every extant count which the 14 appellants faced.' The judge added: 'It would not be in the public interest to order a retrial.' In its written ruling, the Court of Appeal allowed the 14 appellants' appeals on the ground that original witness statements had been destroyed. Lord Justice Fulford said: 'If the destruction of the handwritten statements had been revealed to the appellants at the time of the trial, this issue could have been comprehensively investigated with the witnesses when they gave evidence, and the judge would have been able to give appropriate directions. 'We have no doubt that if that had happened, the trial process would have ensured fairness to the accused. Self-evidently, that is not what occurred.' The judge added: 'By the standards of today, what occurred was unfair to the extent that the verdicts cannot be upheld.' But the Court of Appeal dismissed the appeals on a second ground, which was that the broadcast of Red Under The Bed during the first of the trials may have prejudiced the jury. Danny Friedman QC, representing 12 of the pickets, said a 'covert Foreign Office agency' known as the Information Research Department (IRD) provided 'considerable assistance' in the making of the programme. The IRD 'consulted the Security Service', also known as MI5, about the programme, Mr Friedman said, which was also praised by then prime minister Edward Heath. Mr Heath said at the time: 'We want as much as possible of this.' Mr Friedman told the court: 'It is obvious... a covert executive agency played a part in deliberately propagandising against the core subject matter of the proceedings.' Six of the 14, including Des Warren, who was jailed for three years, have since died and their appeals were continued in their name by their relatives  In a statement after the ruling, The Royle Family star Ricky Tomlinson, who was sentenced to two years in jail for conspiracy to intimidate and affray, said: 'Whilst it is only right that these convictions are overturned, it is a sorry day for British justice. 'The reality is we should never have been standing in the dock. 'We were brought to trial at the apparent behest of the building industry bosses, the Conservative government and ably supported by the secret state. 'This was a political trial not just of me, and the Shrewsbury pickets - but was a trial of the trade union movement. Protests were held in London following the jailing of Ricky Tomlinson and Des Warren, who became known as the 'Shrewsbury Two'  'My thoughts today are with my friend and comrade Des Warren.  'Like me, he was victimised by the court for defending the interests of the working class. 'I'm just sorry he is not here today so we can celebrate, but I'm sure he's with us in spirit.'  Mr Tomlinson and co-appellant Arthur Murray's solicitor Paul Heron welcomed the ruling. 'However, it is important to remember that following their convictions in 1973 they were blacklisted by the building industry,' Mr Heron said. The Shrewsbury 24 are a group of 24 construction workers who picketed building sites in Shrewsbury during the first ever national builders' strike in 1972. Though no arrests were made on the day of the strikes, a group of men were arrested and charged with various offences including unlawful assembly, affray and conspiracy to intimidate and were each convicted in a series of trials in 1973 and 1974.  The men received a wide range of punishments ranging from three years in prison to suspended sentences. Royle Family star Ricky Tomlinson was sentenced to two years in jail for conspiracy to intimidate and affray. During the first trial, in 1973, a TV documentary called Red under the Bed was broadcast and was covered in the local newspaper. The programme was made and presented by a former Labour MP, Woodrow Wyatt and featured footage of picketing during the building workers strike and other disputes. After the programme, a studio discussion was chaired by Richard Whiteley with a panel of four including Wyatt, Alan Fisher of NUPE, Barbara Castle MP and Geoffrey Johnson Smith MP.  The day after it was broadcast the picketers' lawyers applied for Anglia TV and Woodrow Wyatt to be held in contempt of court but Judge Mais refused and the trial continued.  'Many of the men could not find work and as a result suffered more punishment. 'Whilst we understand that the court was unwilling to consider the wider issues regarding the involvement of the secret state, we are calling for a public inquiry into blacklisting in the industry, the role of the building industry bosses and the secret state.' The pair's barrister Piers Marquis added: 'There is no question that this was a politically-motivated trial that ultimately intimidated workers and broke picket lines. 'We now know that the police destroyed evidence, that the prosecution knew that they had and were silent about it and that the Government helped produce fabricated propaganda that was broadcast at the most damaging possible time for these men. 'Des Warren and Ricky Tomlinson knew none of that when they each spoke from the dock and questioned where the conspiracy in this case really lay. 'Their vindication and that of their fellow pickets has been a long time coming, my respect to them for never stopping fighting for it.' Mr Murray, who was convicted of affray and unlawful assembly and sentenced to six months, said: 'We were innocent all along, yet it has taken us nearly 50 years to clear our names. 'We all came from respectful working-class families - sadly my mother and four of my siblings have passed away without knowing that we were innocent. 'This was a major miscarriage of justice and victimisation of not only innocent workers, but an attack on the working class and the trade union movement as a whole. 'We have stood firm and we have been vindicated. 'However, serious questions need to be asked about the role of the building industry bosses in our convictions and the highest offices of Government who all had a hand in our trial and conviction. 'Make no mistake, our convictions were a political witch-hunt.' Terry Renshaw was was convicted of unlawful assembly at the third and final trial and sentenced to four months' imprisonment suspended for two years. He said: 'We never thought that we would see this day, when this miscarriage of justice was overturned. 'The Court of Appeal has acknowledged that we did not receive a fair trial. The police and the prosecuting authorities used every trick in the book to secure guilty verdicts even if it meant trampling over our rights and manipulating the evidence. 'On behalf of all the pickets, I would like to pay tribute to the Shrewsbury 24 Campaign, without whom we would never have achieved this victory. Terry Renshaw, pictured centre with Harry Chadwick (left), Eileen Turnbull lawyer Jamie Potter (right) said: 'We never thought that we would see this day' 'In particular, we owe a great debt to our researcher, Eileen Turnbull, for working tirelessly to obtain the crucial evidence that got our case to the Court of Appeal and brought about our victory.' Last month senior judges were told that a 'covert Foreign Office agency' known as the Information Research Department (IRD) provided 'considerable assistance' in making Red Under The Bed. Danny Friedman QC, representing 12 of the trade unionists , said in written submissions that the head of the IRD had told a senior Foreign Office official that 'we had a discreet but considerable hand in the programme'. He added that the IRD 'had consulted the Security Service' - also known as MI5 - about the programme, which was also praised by then prime minister Edward Heath, who said: 'We want as much as possible of this.' Mr Friedman told the court: 'It is obvious... a covert executive agency played a part in deliberately propagandising against the core subject matter of the proceedings.'  Unite general secretary Len McCluskey said: 'Today is a joyous and just day for the 24 and for working people everywhere. 'But these innocent workers should never have been put in this miserable position by the forces of the British state. 'We salute the heroic men and their families and their enormous courage in taking on the apparatus of the state in order to clear their names. History will rightly record their heroism. 'I send my very best wishes to my good friend Ricky Tomlinson, who can take enormous pride from today's ruling, and my thoughts today are with Dessie Warren, who sadly did not live to see justice delivered, and his family who fought on in his name. 'It is also a landmark day in trade union history. For nearly 50 years, this group of workers have been defending themselves against deep, criminal injustices perpetrated by the state. 'Finally, the truth has been heard and justice has been done.' Mr McCluskey added: 'On behalf of Unite, I want to pay tribute to their determination and to the Shrewsbury 24 Campaign, without whose work and commitment this victory - for them and the working class - would not have been possible. 'However, this day must also be marked with sadness, sadness for those who have not lived to see justice secured. 'Not only should the pickets never have been convicted but the failure to overturn such clearly wrongful convictions for so long casts a dark stain on society. 'It is vital that this miscarriage of justice is never forgotten. 'The pickets were victims of the state whose agencies, including the police, the judiciary and the intelligence services, conspired to make an example of ordinary trade unionists simply campaigning for better pay and safer working conditions for all building workers. 'The full details of who was involved in these trumped-up charges remains shrouded in mystery and it is critical that the government papers from the time are finally published.' Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",2172,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886228155,2021-03-23 06:50:37,"Rockets end skid at 20, Wall has 1st triple-double since '16",https://www.foxnews.com/sports/rockets-end-skid-at-20-wall-has-1st-triple-double-since-16,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. Stephen Silas walked off the court at halftime believing he'd seen a sign. ""I was like, ‘Whoa, maybe this is the night,’"" the Rockets coach said. ""It felt like something special had happened. For us, something special happening is a win after so many losses in a row."" CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM Houston’s skid was tied for the ninth-worst in NBA history and the longest since Philadelphia’s record-setting, 28-game losing streak across the 2014-15 and 2015-16 seasons. But Wall had 19 points, 10 assists and 11 rebounds, his first triple-double since March 17, 2016. That helped the Rockets got their first win since Feb. 4. ""It’s like indescribable for a win in March of this crazy season, but I’m just so proud of the guys,"" Silas said. ""When you’re going through it and fighting so hard and seeing the disappointment in the players’ faces after loss after loss after loss, and to go into the locker room after today’s game and everybody is so happy and joyous is just super cool and great."" Wall found Silas after the game and gave him a big hug. ""I just told him, ‘We finally got one,’"" Wall said. ""I told him I’m riding with him no matter what, and he said the same thing to me. No coach wants to deal with all this adversity he’s had to deal with in their first year. I’m happy for him."" Houston also handed the Raptors their ninth straight loss, which now represents the NBA’s longest active losing streak. All five Houston starters scored in double figures by midway through the third quarter. Jae’Sean Tate had 22 points, Sterling Brown added 20, Christian Wood scored 19 and House added 12. Houston led 65-60 at halftime after House's heave from well behind the halfcourt line near the Raptors bench on the sideline. The Rockets closed out the third quarter with an 88-86 lead and opened the fourth quarter on a 9-1 run to pull away. Houston overcame a rough first half where Wall received a technical foul for a third straight game, arguing with an official five minutes into the first quarter. Wood picked up his third personal foul less than three minutes into the second quarter and was limited to just eight scoreless first-half minutes. Fred VanVleet led Toronto with 27 points and was frustrated after the loss. ""If you’re not going to play defense, you better score more than 99 points,"" VanVleet said. Pascal Siakam scored 21 points, Normal Powell had 19 and Kyle Lowry added 17. Brown made his first five shots, including three 3s, for 13 first-quarter points. He finished 7 of 10 and 4 of 7 from 3. The Raptors led 28-27 at the end of the first quarter. In their losing streak, Houston led after the first quarter only three times, including on Feb. 26 when they led the Raptors 31-30. TIP-INS Raptors: DeAndre’ Bembry was ejected from the game after receiving two back-to-back technical fouls in the fourth quarter. ... Toronto has lost seven straight on the road. ... Chris Boucher had 10 rebounds off the bench. Rockets: SG Victor Oladipo was out with right quad injury maintenance. ... PG D.J. Augustin returned after a one-game absence with a stomach illness. ... PG Kevin Porter Jr. was sidelined with right quad soreness. COACH SUPPORT After Silas’ postgame interview following Sunday’s loss went viral for how visibly frustrated he appeared to be, the first-year coach said he heard from many coaches, including Rick Carlisle, Brad Stevens, Doc Rivers, Steve Kerr, Luke Walton, Doug Collins and Don Nelson, who talked about their losing streaks and offered support. ""What those guys did for me means the world to me, and I’m going to reach out to every, single one of those guys to tell them, ‘Thank you,’"" Silas said. UP NEXT Raptors: Return home Wednesday night for a three-game homestand starting with Denver. Rockets: Host Charlotte on Wednesday night to close out a seven-game homestand. ",680,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886230523,2021-03-23 06:26:12,Arizona to review lethal injection procedure,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/arizona-to-review-lethal-injection-procedure/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886228154,2021-03-23 06:54:24,"Morant, Brooks lead Grizzlies past Celtics in overtime",https://www.foxnews.com/sports/morant-brooks-lead-grizzlies-past-celtics-in-overtime,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. Dillon Brooks added 24 points, seven rebounds and seven assists as the Grizzlies won for the third time in four games. Jonas Valanciunas had 16 points and 19 rebounds. Jaylen Brown led Boston with 27 points, and Jeff Teague finished with a season-high 26 points. Robert Williams III had 17, and Marcus Smart scored 16. ""We had this one,"" Brown said, later adding: ""It’s definitely one we want back. We played hard to get back into the game. There’s still a lot of stuff we’ve got the clean up."" CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM Morant scored the last three points of the game from the free-throw line. Brooks had five points early in the extra period. ""Credit our guys,"" Memphis coach Taylor Jenkins said. ""Big stops and big rebounds down the stretch to close out a big win."" Morant added: ""Us continuing to fight and be able to lock in late in the game, won us this game."" The Celtics already were without starting guard Kemba Walker when Jayson Tatum was a late scratch with an illness. That meant two of Boston’s top three scorers were missing. ""When you are missing guys like Jayson and Kemba, you have to win with a better defense,"" Celtics coach Brad Stevens said. ""I think that’s what we’ve been able to do in the past."" But this time, they were not able to overcome Memphis, which played well in the extra period. While Morant and Brooks led the offensive attack, Stevens pointed to Valanciunas as a major factor. He said the Grizzlies center ""just destroyed us."" ""Even though he ended with 16 points, it felt like a lot bigger than that,"" Stevens said. ""It felt like he was getting what he wanted off the glass."" Boston trailed by nine midway through the fourth quarter. But Smart found Daniel Theis for a tying alley-oop dunk with 7.3 seconds left in regulation, sending it to overtime. Brown, who connected on 10 of 18 from 3-point range en route to 34 points in a win over Orlando on Sunday, struggled through much of three quarters, starting 3 of 11 from the field. He finished 11 of 24. ""We played together. We were connected out there,"" Brooks said. ""We had minor slippage, but we found a way to overpass it and make the right plays to win the game."" TIP-INS Celtics: Brown has reached double figures in each of his 40 games this season. He has scored at least 20 in 30 of those games. ... Defeated the Grizzlies 126-107 on Dec. 30 when Brown had a career-high 42 points. ... Walker sat out his 17th game to deal with left knee injury management. Teague started in his spot. Fourth-year F Semi Ojeleye started for Tatum. ... Teague was 5 for 5 in the first half, including a pair of 3-pointers. His previous season high was 19 against Milwaukee on Dec. 23. Grizzlies: Had not defeated Celtics in last 10 meetings. Their last home win over Boston was Jan. 10, 2016. SECOND NIGHT PROBLEMS The Celtics have lost six straight on the second night of back-to-backs, many of those without Walker. ""We started the year off great on the second night of back-to-backs, and have not been good the past month,"" Stevens said, later adding: ""The formula doesn’t change just because you played yesterday. You have to have the ability for guys that are fresh to impact the game."" UP NEXT Celtics: Travel to Milwaukee for the second of a four-game road trip on Wednesday. Grizzlies: Play at Oklahoma City on Wednesday. ",611,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886230516,2021-03-23 06:27:10,Israel aims to destroy vast Hamas tunnel network,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/israel-aims-to-destroy-vast-hamas-tunnel-network/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886230508,2021-03-23 06:28:48,Was prolonged Arizona execution constitutional?,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/was-prolonged-arizona-execution-constitutional/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886230495,2021-03-23 06:29:10,Investigators find more wreckage of MH17,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/investigators-find-more-wreckage-of-malaysia-airline-flight-17/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886230488,2021-03-23 06:30:11,Deadly tornado tears through Virginia,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/deadly-tornado-tears-through-virginia/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886230480,2021-03-23 06:31:14,Children from El Salvador seek safe ground in U.S.,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/children-from-el-salvador-seek-safe-ground-in-u-s/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886230474,2021-03-23 06:32:12,World’s oldest weather observer to be honored,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/worlds-oldest-weather-observer-to-be-honored/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886230466,2021-03-23 06:34:12,7/24: Shells hit U.N. school sheltering evacuees; World's oldest weather observer to be honored,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/724-shells-hit-u-n-school-sheltering-evacuees-worlds-oldest-weather-observer-to-be-honored/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886230460,2021-03-23 06:39:11,Violent protests erupt in West Bank,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/violent-protests-erupt-in-west-bank/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886230451,2021-03-23 06:40:11,Health risks of irregular work shifts,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/health-risks-of-irregular-work-shifts/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886230441,2021-03-23 06:42:12,MoneyWatch: Feds cap Obamacare fines; Amazon loses millions,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/moneywatch-feds-cap-obamacare-fines-amazon-loses-millions/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. ,19,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886230431,2021-03-23 06:45:11,Outrage over Israeli shelling of UN school in Gaza,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/outrage-over-israeli-shelling-of-un-school-in-gaza/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886230424,2021-03-23 06:46:12,Frustration grows in search for remaining Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 victims,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/frustration-grows-in-search-for-remaining-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-victims/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886230416,2021-03-23 06:47:10,"""50 Years Later, Civil Rights"": Watch the complete webcast",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/50-years-later-civil-rights-watch-the-complete-webcast/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886230407,2021-03-23 06:48:11,Flying fears: Series of plane disasters raises concerns,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/flying-fears-series-of-plane-disasters-raises-concerns/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886230397,2021-03-23 06:52:11,"Old man tosses canes, gets down on the dance floor",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/old-man-tosses-canes-gets-down-on-the-dance-floor-plus-more-of-the-weeks-best-viral-videos/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886230362,2021-03-23 07:09:59,Police officer killed in Boulder shooting leaves behind 7 children,https://www.cbsnews.com/news/eric-talley-police-officer-killed-boulder-colorado-king-soopers-mass-shooting/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,"Watch CBSN Live 
                      By Sophie Lewis
                   Herold called his quick response at the scene ""heroic."" ""I'm grateful for the police officers that responded, and I am so sorry about the loss of Officer Talley,"" she said, holding back tears. Dougherty described Talley as ""one of the outstanding officers of the Boulder Police Department."" The fallen officer leaves behind seven children, ages 5 to 18, the police department said. He said he hoped his son would be remembered ""as a father, as a police officer who wanted to serve, and a person with a good heart — because he truly did have a good heart.""  Eric Talley's sister Kirstin took to Twitter on Monday night to express her profound grief.  Speaking at the White House on Tuesday, President Biden called Talley ""the definition of an American hero."" ""You know when he pinned on that badge yesterday morning, he didn't know what the day would bring,"" Mr. Biden said. ""He thought he'd be coming home to his family and his seven children. When the moment to act came, Officer Talley did not hesitate in his duty, making the ultimate sacrifice in his effort to save lives. That's the definition of an American hero."" During a news briefing Tuesday, Herold told reporters that Talley's entire family was in her office just two weeks ago as his son received an award. ""One of his children swallowed a quarter, and because Officer Talley taught his children CPR, one of his children was able to save the little boy's life,"" she said. ""The Boulder Police Department gave his son an award for lifesaving.""  She described Talley as ""a very kind man,"" and said he left an earlier career to go into police work because he ""felt a higher calling.""  ""He loved this community. And he's everything that policing deserves and needs,"" she said.  Dozens of law enforcement agencies congregated for a procession of police cars, fire trucks and ambulances to honor Talley on Monday night near the intersection of the shooting.  Talley ""joins the ranks of six other Boulder police officers who lay down their lives for the people of our city,"" Boulder Mayor Sam Weaver said during Tuesday's briefing. ""We can never thank Officer Talley or his family enough for their sacrifice, but we will not forget it. Many who are alive today is because of the actions of Eric Talley and other first responders, and their bravery is a blessing to us all.""  ""We are also grateful for the courage of Officer Eric Talley, who ran into danger to protect others, and we hope his memory and the memory of all those we've lost will not be in vain,"" he said, adding that he and Michelle grieve with the families of all of the victims. -Jonathan Vigliotti contributed reporting. Sophie Lewis is a social media producer and trending writer for CBS News, focusing on space and climate change. Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ",534,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886232795,2021-03-23 07:16:11,Aftermath of U.N. school attack in Gaza,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/aftermath-of-u-n-school-attack-in-gaza/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886236084,2021-03-23 07:00:00,Big Data Is Dead: Long Live Smart Data,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbestechcouncil/2021/03/23/big-data-is-dead-long-live-smart-data/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty For more than a decade, big data has been steadily soaring. New data-driven companies have emerged and become multibillion-dollar juggernauts, while established market leaders recognized the power of data early and have invested accordingly. But like with so many things, 2020 was a wake-up call for data strategies, especially the many not delivering immediate value. I think it's time that we accept the limitations of big data and embrace the need for smart data. The shift toward smart data has been going on for at least a decade. The central idea behind my own company is to equip companies with the smart data they need to improve their demand forecasting. How Did We Get To Drowning In Big Data? For decades, companies have poured money into data sources and pumped more information into their data lakes. But new data does not always equal new intelligence—to machine learning models and especially to core business strategies—and slowly the weight of all this data has built up. Enter the pandemic. As finance teams ran the ruler over everything, any nice-to-haves had to go. The right data projects are make-or-break, but anything that couldn't be used to improve core functions such as demand forecasting, pricing or driving competitive advantage couldn't be justified. The more-data-is-better era is over—it is time for a new era of smart data. Aggregating And Using Data At Scale Is Only Half The Answer  The most important part is extracting value. How do you make your data work for your goals, right now? The analysis paralysis of the last 10 years has to end. Big-data strategies have been trying to boil the ocean for too long. These maximalist approaches don't work because they're way too hard. They never did, and they definitely don't when you have fewer team members, tighter margins and your demand forecasts rely on last year's data. From what I've seen, the best businesses now are focusing less on the depth and breadth of their data lake and more on getting the most value out of it. It's time to flip our data strategies from paralyzing to enabling—to take that asset and turn it into something you can get value from. Right now. Set your data scientists free to do the work they dream about: not collecting, aggregating and cleaning, but building models to tap into signals over noise for core processes such as labor optimization and price forecasting. As you look forward, you can use data to inform dynamic decision making and make models more accurate, providing certainty in the Covid chaos. You can use data to enable smart decisions about efficiencies and opportunities hiding in plain sight, and you can do that immediately rather than after three months of a team of five data scientists working on it. This is the power of smart data. What Defines Smart Data? As companies learn to do more with less, automation and machine learning become critically important. Smart data starts with reliable and verified data, but it's more than just a record of truth. It needs to be enriched, contextualized and featurized so that it's no longer simply raw information (however high-quality). This reduces the friction and error-prone nature of feeding new data into machine learning models. As you are assessing every new data source, you should be asking of it: • Does this data provide adequate depth to provide enough context for the issues I am building models to solve? • How verified and accurate is the data?  • How frequently is it updated and re-verified as we head into a long-awaited but chaotic recovery? • Is it enriched enough that my models will know what to do with its input? • Which core business decisions will this enable my machine learning models to make better and faster?  • Can I easily explain what this data source is showing, and its impact on my forecasts and operations? Last year left many companies flat-footed by the ultimate black swan event. Many are now working hard to integrate new data and roll out data-driven recovery plans to know what will drive their demand. Whether it's a televised sports game or festival driving up demand, a flood or terrorist attack driving down demand, or clusters of smaller events bringing people at a scale unforeseen by most companies, many companies are on it. And I think every company needs to be. ",731,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886232787,2021-03-23 07:17:11,U.S. officials: Russia has fired into Ukraine,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/u-s-officials-russia-has-fired-into-ukraine/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886243908,2021-03-23 06:53:40,Sean Hannity And Dan Bongino Use Colorado Shooting To Slam BLM Protests,https://www.huffpost.com/entry/sean-hannity-dan-bongino-colorado-shooting_n_6059b190c5b6d6c2a2a9e4d6,en,False,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"General Assignment Reporter, HuffPost Wait, what? Hannity noted the “horrific shooting” and pivoted to an incendiary diatribe against last summer’s protests for justice. “They’re not riots, we were told all summer to over 2,500 cops injured. But these are the cops that go put themselves in harm’s way. And in this case we lost one tonight,” the prime time personality said. Bongino, a former cop and Secret Service agent, replied: “Yeah, Sean, don’t forget with this defund the police crowd, that wasn’t a social worker who walked in there.” Authorities haven’t commented on the supermarket killer’s motive. Boulder police Officer Eric Talley, 51, was among those gunned down. He was one of the first officers on the scene. General Assignment Reporter, HuffPost ",123,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886236077,2021-03-23 07:00:00,My Top Five Tips For Utilizing Public Relations (PR) To Grow Your Business,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbescommunicationscouncil/2021/03/23/my-top-five-tips-for-utilizing-public-relations-pr-to-grow-your-business/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty A good public relations strategy can make or break your brand. PR is one of the most accessible marketing channels for your business but, when done poorly, it can be a disaster. This is why having a PR strategy is so important. It is one of the most cost-effective ways to increase your brand awareness and ultimately increase sales to grow your business. Essentially, what PR does is increase consumer trust in your business. The more consumers hear about you (positive things, of course), the more they will become aware of your brand and subconsciously start trusting you. That’s because a powerful third party (like a news outlet or influencer) is singing your praises and managing the spread of information about your business. Now, how can you implement PR to help grow your business? I’ve compiled my top five tips for utilizing PR to grow your business: 1. Control your news. 2. Create great content. 3. Remember that honesty is the best policy. 4. Stay trendy with social media. 5. Be consistent. Let’s dive deeper and take a look at five of the top tactics for implementing your PR strategy. 1. Control your news. By being first to bat with good (or bad) news about your brand, you can control the messaging that makes it to other outlets. Of course, a journalist or editor can spin this messaging however they want, but people will usually go to the source for the true story. You can further support the distribution of your own message by creating pages on your website or a newsletter to send out authentic, first-party updates from your company. 2. Create great content. Along with controlling the messaging you send out into the world, creating great content is key to a successful PR strategy that positions your brand as a subject matter expert. Creating a fact-based press release with succinct solutions will help position your brand as an expert and straight shooter about your subject matter. It can also help your company become a trusted source in this area, which can bring you more customers than your competition. 3. Remember that honesty is the best policy. For any business, a comprehensive crisis communications plan is always part of a good PR strategy. Should the need for these communications ever arise, you’ll be glad you planned for it. In this department, honesty is always the best policy. You don’t need to disclose private details, of course, but if you keep the public informed and don’t stretch the truth, your transparency will be appreciated and your reputation will be authentic. Hiding anything will only make matters worse when the truth eventually surfaces, so instead, go with straightforward communication. 4. Stay trendy with social media. Along with honest communication, keeping up with trends and having a presence on social media is almost a requirement nowadays. I’ve found that brands without a social media presence are less trusted by their target audiences because they can be seen as outdated or lagging. Even if you are up to date with current trends, your reputation could be tarnished without a social media presence (and you would never know about it). Through public relations, you’re providing a service to the media and online communities. You’re becoming a storyteller instead of a salesperson, and consumers will typically understand that. By splitting your focus between media houses and social media channels, you can expand your reach to a wider set of consumers and provide more timely updates. Instead of waiting to be published, you can control the channels. Further, many journalists and reporters follow businesses’ social media accounts to stay informed, so you’ll be helping to get your message in front of reporters by maintaining a consistent social media presence. 5. Be consistent. Implementing a PR strategy won’t lead to instant success. There needs to be a long-term PR plan in place that you coordinate with your marketing department so the messaging is aligned. What you need here to be successful is consistency across channels and consistency in published updates. Conclusion And there you have it: My top five tips for utilizing PR to grow your business. As the founder of a full-service marketing and PR agency, I would love to hear your tips and how you’re implementing your PR strategy. ",716,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886236178,2021-03-23 05:08:56,Pensions Giant Says Treasury Yields at 3% Will Change Everything,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pensions-giant-says-treasury-yields-090856809.html,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,Thank you for your patience. Our engineers are working quickly to resolve the issue. ,15,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886232777,2021-03-23 07:20:11,Flight turns around after passenger allegedly threatens Canada,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/sunwing-airlines-slight-772-and-f16-flight-turns-around-after-passenger-allegedly-threatens-canada/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886246297,2021-03-23 07:00:03,Las tentaciones de la carne,https://www.nytimes.com/es/2021/03/23/espanol/comer-carne-o-no.html,es,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by 13 funerales en Guatemala, el dolor de cabeza de Biden en Honduras y la hora de Demi Lovato. ¿Tiene sentido una hamburguesa sin carne? ¿Una albóndiga de garbanzo? La duda no es solo relevante a la hora del almuerzo. También azuza una batalla que trasciende los caprichos de la dieta de moda. Renunciar con virtuosismo a la carne —o aferrarse a ella con los colmillos que nos dio la evolución— es un asunto de dinero, política, cultura y, también, de identidad. Aunque Doucet, del Partido Verde, insiste en que se trata de una decisión temporal para facilitar la operación en las escuelas en la pandemia, ciudadanos y políticos del país denunciaron la medida como un “insulto inaceptable a los agricultores y carniceros franceses”, que, en palabras de un ministro, delata una actitud “elitista y moralista”. Para muchos, hay tanta polarización en el mundo, tanta hambre y tan poco placer en medio de la pandemia, que pelear por un plato de puchero de res parece, ahora mismo, una lucha sin sentido. La cultura de la carne, me parece, no puede sobrevivir si no queda planeta en donde pasten las vacas. Los carnívoros impenitentes deberíamos ser los más interesados en protegerlo. Las respuestas de los lectores que han hecho un balance positivo del último año son aire fresco para nuestro buzón de correo y todos los que hacemos El Times. Y, como las alegrías duran más cuando se comparten, seguiremos incluyéndolas en cada envío. Antes de que te vayas, disfruta de esta postal: Hace un año se desplomaron los viajes y las vacaciones. ¿Qué pasó en ese tiempo con quienes viven del turismo? Advertisement ",276,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886243886,2021-03-23 07:27:01,Betsy DeVos Raked In Vast Outside Income As Education Secretary,https://www.huffpost.com/entry/betsy-devos-education-secretary-outside-income_n_6059ba48c5b66a80f4ea7dd1,en,False,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"Reporter, HuffPost At the most modest end of her reported income, DeVos would have raked in more than $158,000 each day of her 1,422 days in the position. That works out to more than $6,500 per hour. Reporter, HuffPost ",40,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886236073,2021-03-23 07:00:00,Remote Workforce Hiring Strategies For 2021,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbeshumanresourcescouncil/2021/03/23/remote-workforce-hiring-strategies-for-2021/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty The Covid-19 pandemic has accelerated the future of work. In the blink of an eye, it proved that a remote infrastructure was viable on a massive scale as office buildings around the world went dark and employees were forced to work from home. Capitalizing on this seismic shift is a top priority for business leaders this year. For talent acquisition professionals, this means developing effective remote workforce hiring strategies. Streamline Remote Hiring Capabilities Work with IT leaders and outsource when necessary to select and integrate digital tools that provide your organization with a complete, end-to-end set of capabilities to source, recruit, assess, interview and onboard candidates remotely. Carefully select cloud-based hiring tools with advanced automation features to create streamlined and efficient processes. Couple these digital solutions with an analytics tool to continuously monitor, analyze and improve your talent management strategies. Execute A Skills-Based Hiring Approach The shortened shelf life of job skills is not only fueling a trend toward skills-based hiring methods, but it is also widening existing skills gaps. Even before Covid-19, skills gaps were a primary concern of business leaders, and now, as the pandemic accelerates digital transformation, organizations are scrambling to secure talent with the skills to keep pace.  To fill immediate skill shortages and develop sustainable talent strategies that support long-term competitiveness, organizations should use a pre-employment skills testing platform to move toward a skills-based hiring approach. Capture Insights That Facilitate Innovation The way we approach talent acquisition is changing faster than ever. In this age of accelerated innovation and business agility, HR leaders must view every talent management practice as an opportunity to innovate. The shift to remote hiring and the rapid adoption of new tools that came with it created an opportunity for HR leaders to introduce workforce analytics technology. When organizations use analytics technology to analyze multiple data sets across many systems, including pre-employment testing platforms, learning management systems and applicant tracking systems, they can: From how we assess remote candidates to the way we deploy our existing talent, adopting an analytics-driven approach to workforce planning lays the groundwork to survive today’s volatile business landscape. At the onset of the pandemic, business leaders did not have time to assess and map employees’ skills so they could identify critical hiring needs and execute strategic talent redeployment. The abrupt disruption to business-as-usual upended standard talent management processes and has allowed HR leaders to begin adopting well-integrated, analytics-driven HR tech stacks. Now, the challenge is to sustain this momentum and uncover new ways to leverage talent acquisition technology, even as disruption continues to reset the path forward. ",433,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886232772,2021-03-23 07:21:11,"Parents overcome daughter's tragic death through her ""bucket list""",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/parents-overcome-daughters-tragic-death-through-her-bucket-list/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886246455,2021-03-23 07:00:00,"These are the 9 new restaurant SPACs to know, as they raise millions to take restaurant chains and hospitality tech brands public",https://www.businessinsider.com/the-restaurant-spacs-raising-millions-as-they-seek-to-combine-with-pandemic-winning-food-brands-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. Restaurant SPACs have been among the biggest movers in 2021 led by industry veterans tied to some of the nation's best-known brands and hospitality companies – Shake Shack, Landry's, Sonic Drive-in, Jamba, &pizza, and Panera Bread. ""It is our belief that this intersection of a large industry with quickly shifting dynamics provides an attractive sector for investment,"" according to regulatory paperwork filed by Do it Again Corp., a SPAC led by the former CEO of Sonic Drive-In. Insider has put together a list of the most recent shell companies formed and led by restaurant industry veterans.  This shell company, formed in February, is led by top gaming and casino leaders including Holly Gagnon and GameWorks CEO Philip Kaplan. Gagnon served for three years as CEO of Seneca Gaming Corp., which manages the gaming operations of the Seneca Nation of Indians. Gagnon and Kaplan are co-CEOs in this shell company, which is looking to combine with a company that ""provides transformational technology to experiential entertainment within the gaming, hospitality and entertainment industries,"" according to a regulatory filing. Select industries being targeted include restaurants, casino gaming, sports, sports betting and iGaming, distributed gaming, gaming technology and equipment, lodging, social and casual mobile games, fitness and wellness, live entertainment and leisure.  ""We will pursue consumer-facing businesses as well as the business-to-business platforms that support the experiential entertainment industries,"" the company said.  Key restaurant leaders behind Bite Acquisition Corp include Julia Stewart, who served as CEO of IHOP when it was acquired by Applebee's and later CEO of the combined companies; veteran hospitality consultant Randall Hiatt; and Joseph C. Essa,  former CEO of the Thomas Keller Restaurant Group. Bite's CEO is Alberto Ardura González. He has more than 35 years of experience in the financial industry, including extensive experience in mergers and acquisitions.  Bite is looking to combine with brands that have ""robust development potential in national and international markets,"" according to a regulatory filing. Specifically, the shell company is scouting chains that are in the following segments: fast food, fast-casual, and polished casual dining.  ""We intend to combine with a business that currently has moved, or is easily adaptable, to new approaches to customer communications and ordering, understands the dynamics of serving customers at its restaurants and at home, and has adopted new guest-facing and control/systems technologies,"" according to the S-1 filing.  Former Sonic CEO, Clifford Hudson, is leading Do it Again Corp. The company is specifically looking to merge with culturally relevant brands with a strong off-premise business, which proved crucial during the COVID-19 pandemic, according to a regulatory filing.  The chain should have proven national success within a region. The ""expected enterprise value"" of the company at the time of the merger with the SPAC should be  ""at least $400 million and up to $1.5 billion or more,"" according to the filing.  Rosenberg, an advisor, served as president and CEO of Dunkin' Donuts for 35 years. McLain is a director nominee. He spent 17 years at Sonic in various roles, including CFO, and chief strategy officer. Dharod, an advisor, is an industry veteran with ties to Jack in the Box, Burger King, Blockbuster, and Applebee's. His company, Dallas-based SSCP Management Inc., owns and operates 70 Applebee's and 47 Sonic restaurants.  Casino and casual dining billionaire Tilman Fertitta announced in early February his intention to take his hospitality company public through a merger with FAST Acquisition Corp. ""With the COVID disruptions throughout the United States, there's going to be unbelievable restaurant and gaming opportunities, either through M&A, redevelopment, and rebranding,"" Fertitta told potential investors during a conference call. ""I've always grown my company and buy when others are weak."" Fertitta said his hospitality company, Fertitta Entertainment, will become more of a gaming company. ""It's the old big-box theory. Why open up 50 restaurants that do a million dollars each instead of a casino that does 50 million,"" he said. Separately, in mid-March, a second SPAC was formed under the name FAST Acquisition Corp II. This shell company intends to focus its search on the restaurant, hospitality, and consumer sectors in North America with an enterprise value of $800 million or greater.  Sandy Beall, the founder of casual dining chain Ruby Tuesday and Blackberry Farm, is the CEO of both FAST Acquisition Corp. and FAST Acquisition Corp. II. Hospitality entrepreneur Doug Jacob is behind both FAST Acquisition shell companies. Jacob is the CEO of &vest, a hybrid venture fund that seeks investments in the consumer lifestyle space.  In a statement, Jacob explains why he is taking Fertitita's hospitality company public:  ""We believe this diverse portfolio made up of full-service dining and entertainment concepts combined with pent-up consumer demand, will find continued success as a public company."" Other &vest principals include Beall and Michael Lastoria, who is the CEO of &pizza. The Washington D.C.-based pizza chain is known for its progressive benefits such as committing to raising employee wages to $15 an hour by 2022. &vest is a key stakeholder in &pizza, which has about 40 locations. &vest has also formed Velocity Acquisition Corp., a technology-focused blank check company.  This is the fourth blank check company formed by Fertitita, where he serves as the co-chairman and CEO.  Jeffries CEO Richard Handler is a co-chairman and president of the SPAC.  Steve Salis, co-founder and former CEO of the progressive pizza chain &pizza, has formed Sizzle Acquisition, according to a March 11 regulatory filing.  Salis, who exited his involvement with &pizza in 2019, is the founder of Salis Holdings, a multi-unit operator of various East Coast concepts, including all-day breakfast joint Ted's Bulletin and Federalist Pig.  Sizzle has tapped Karen Kelley, Warren Thompson, and David Perlin as independent directors. Kelley previously led restaurant operations at Panera Bread and was the former president and COO of Sweetgreen, former CEO of Tatte Bakery, and the former president of DryBar. Sizzle is looking to combine with a company that has a ""focus on the restaurant, hospitality, food and beverage, retail, consumer, food, and food-related technology and real estate industries such as proptech,"" according to a regulatory filing.  The shell company is not ruling out acquiring a company that might have been hurt by the economic impacts tied to the COVID-19-related shutdowns as long as it has ""strong brand and business fundamentals"" and ""a definable path forward,"" according to the regulatory filing.  Unlike other restaurant SPACs, Pace said Tastemaker is scouting companies that service restaurant chains but might ""fly under the radar."" ""Companies that don't have big brands but they have big businesses supporting restaurants,"" said Pace, who is the co-CEO. Pace is sharing executive duties with Andy Pforzheimer, co-founder of Barteca Restaurant Group. Barteca operated Barcelona Wine Bar and Bartaco chain before the company was purchased in 2018 by Del Frisco's Restaurant Group.  Rick Federico, CEO of P.F. Chang's from 1997-2015, is an independent director. Shake Shack founder Danny Meyer filed to raise $250 million for USHG Acquisition Corp., a SPAC, in early February.  The company must check all ""our boxes,"" including embracing the culture-driven and people-first ethos that Meyer's restaurants are known for, Sokoloff said.  ""This is an incredible group of people that I have the opportunity to lead,"" Sokoloff said. ""This is the 'A' team. My job is really just to harness all this firepower.""     
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",1331,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886246290,2021-03-23 07:00:05,‘Donny’s Bar Mitzvah’ Review: A Rude and Raunchy Coming-of-Age,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/movies/donnys-bar-mitzvah-review-.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by A boy becomes a man, and the writer-director Jonathan Kaufman is there, like a faux-VHS cameraman, to capture the juvenile festivities that ensue. Send any friend a story When you purchase a ticket for an independently reviewed film through our site, we earn an affiliate commission. The year is 1998. Donny Drucker (Steele Stebbins) is 13 years old and his family has thrown him a glitzy, red-carpet-worthy bar mitzvah, inviting classmates and relatives to toast his newfound adulthood. Shot entirely like camcorder footage from the point of view of a hired videographer, Jonathan Kaufman’s debut film, which he wrote and directed, has all the potential to be endearing and nostalgic, even if it’s slim on plot. Instead, “Donny’s Bar Mitzvah” — which is littered with chaotic party scenes of horny, dysfunctional attendees — oscillates between offensive and offensively unamusing. There’s little effort made to make the film actually look and feel like the ’90s. While it’s in 4:3 aspect ratio, the staticky old-school filter fails to lose its Instagram-era veneer. Beyond that, its tone-deaf comedy suggests an era when crude jokes about sensitive issues like race and addiction were commonplace and therefore acceptable. The only semblance of narrative cohesion here is the ridiculous undercover investigation of a literal “party pooper” (a side-plot that involves the cast’s biggest name, Danny Trejo), but otherwise “Donny’s Bar Mitzvah” is so scattered with half-baked skits that it’s not hard to imagine a better, funnier version of this movie made by an actual 13-year-old. It’s only 79 minutes long, but this critic spent the entire time sitting through gross-out gags hoping to laugh just once. Not sure what to watch next? We can help. Advertisement ",284,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886246276,2021-03-23 07:15:17,Hedge fund manager was discharged from psychiatric hospital shortly before he killed himself,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392677/Hedge-fund-manager-discharged-psychiatric-hospital-shortly-killed-himself.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 35 An award-winning hedge fund manager was discharged from a psychiatric hospital less than two weeks before he killed himself, an inquest has heard. Guy Rushton, 36, who was married with two children, was found in a barn near his £3.5million home in Wiltshire hours after being declared missing on May 20.   The £292million hedge fund he managed had lost around £180million in value due to the impact the pandemic was having on the stock market, according to reports. Ian Singleton, coroner for Wiltshire and Swindon, has now ruled that Mr Rushton's death was a suicide.    He said the father had suffered for months from 'work-related depression' and stress brought on by the pandemic. Guy Rushton (pictured), 36, who was married with two children, was found in a barn near his £3.5million Wiltshire home hours after being declared missing on May 20  'Guy worked for a number of years as a hedge fund manager,' Mr Singleton said. 'He worked long hours with little time off and by October 2019 had raised blood pressure.   'In 2020 he and his family moved to Wiltshire which he found stressful in itself in addition to the impact of Covid-19 on the financial markets'. His wife, Alannah, told an inquest in February that her husband was feeling 'uncertain about the future' and 'extremely stressed' at the start of the pandemic.   Mr Rushton worked at London-based asset management firm Polar Capital and was the sole manager of his UK Absolute Equity Fund. But his company announced in April 2020 that he was unwell and his £292million fund - launched in 2014 when he joined the firm - would be wound up as he was unable to return to work, according to The Times. He had become stressed and anxious as the fund had lost more than a third of its value - around £180million - as global stock markets took a huge hit due to the coronavirus pandemic. At the start of this year, he and his wife, who had been married for five years, bought a £3.5million manor in a Wiltshire village, which came with 130 acres of land. But Mr Rushton, originally from Leeds, was found dead by police in a barn on the property, hours after being classified as missing on May 20. In a statement to the inquest his wife said he 'experienced high stress due to a number of factors', including that he was the sole manager of the fund and was as such unable to take days off. He then found out he was suffering from raised blood pressure in October 2019 and this contributed to him being 'extremely stressed about work'. His wife told an inquest in February that he was feeling 'uncertain about the future' and 'extremely stressed'. Pictured: His home  Added to this, she said that Covid-19 hitting the headlines made him feel 'uncertain about the future' as he was 'anxious about the value of his own money invested in the fund'. Furthermore, Mrs Rushton added that she was due to give birth in the second week of March 2020 and this made her husband even more anxious. She said: 'Moving up to that period he was extremely stressed and not sleeping.' He was prescribed anti-depressants, but tried to take his own life in April 2020. His wife said: 'He had referred to attempts on his life as rehearsals and said he would never actually kill himself.'  He voluntarily admitted himself to Green Lane psychiatric hospital in Devizes, Wiltshire, on May 5 but was discharged six days later. Mrs Rushton added that he was having 'anger outbursts' and 'alluding to never being around'. She raised these concerns with the mental health services. The day before he died, Mr Rushton transferred a 'significant amount of money' to his wife's account then the next day he made her his legacy contact on Facebook. He went for a walk but did not come back. Police were called and they searched for him with a drone and a helicopter until he was found in a barn near the family home. Speaking over a video link at the inquest, Mrs Rushton's brother Will Russell asked questions of mental health professionals who dealt with Mr Rushton. The family were concerned as to why he had been discharged from the psychiatric hospital and why he had not been detained at any point under the Mental Health Act, despite being classed as having a high risk of self harm. Bronwen Esdaile, from Avon and Wiltshire Mental Health Service, said Mr Rushton 'appeared to be very agitated or depressed and very very anxious', while suicidal thoughts and panic attacks 'were being experienced on a daily basis'. 'The symptoms he was manifesting were largely as a result of his situation with his work and the associated stress,' she said. When he was discharged from the psychiatric hospital, she said this was because he found the environment 'intimidating', he was 'isolating' himself and 'he didn't seem to be settled on the ward'. She said they 'saw no reason to detain him' under the Mental Health Act, despite concerns raised by the family. She said that although his suicide risk was high when he was discharged, 'he was still engaging [with the service], although not to the extent that we would have liked'.  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",903,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886236064,2021-03-23 07:00:00,Businesses Should Be Held Accountable For Their ESG Claims,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesnonprofitcouncil/2021/03/23/businesses-should-be-held-accountable-for-their-esg-claims/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty Indeed, corporate environmental policies have become so ingrained in business practices that the problem Carson identified has shifted. The question “Will corporations ever do anything to protect the environment?” has been answered. Today, businesses’ strategies and tactics to prove they are good corporate citizens go beyond the environment to include social and governance practices. ESG has become the widely recognized moniker for these widespread efforts, with great attention paid by investors and to a lesser extent by regulators. Though consumers rely on businesses for information about their current corporate environmental efforts and their approaches to social and governance issues, ESG messaging is not something that consumers can easily confirm for themselves. I cannot say it any better than Black Rock CEO Larry Fink, who wrote in that widely circulated January 2021 message to the CEOs of the companies his firm invests in: “Companies ignore stakeholders at their peril... The more your company can show its purpose in delivering value to its customers, its employees, and its communities, the better able you will be to compete and deliver long-term, durable profits for shareholders.” While Mr. Fink did not invent the ESG movement, he and others are accelerating it. Communications to investors about ESG practices are undergoing strong scrutiny. That same kind of scrutiny should be applied to ESG communication to consumers. ",221,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886232765,2021-03-23 07:22:10,Hamas and Israel agree to 12-hour ceasefire,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/hamas-and-israel-agree-to-12-hour-ceasefire/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886246445,2021-03-23 07:11:34,"These are the 21 news-media brands that gained the most TikTok followers in the last year, including Bustle, Complex, and NowThis",https://www.businessinsider.com/top-21-digital-news-media-accounts-tiktok-ranked-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. News publishers are increasingly jumping on TikTok to bring their content to new and younger audiences. Recently published research has found the biggest publishers on the platform have added hundreds of thousands of followers to their TikTok accounts over the past year. Bustle, which only launched its TikTok account in January 2020, now has more than 2.6 million followers on the video-sharing app. The women's focused digital publication shares predominantly fashion, beauty, and lifestyle advice and inspiration on the account.  ""Part of our early success was our ability to identify and partner with amazing content creators on paid co-marketing partnerships, paid video executions on our channels, and branded content partnerships,"" said Bonner. Youth culture media title Complex added 2.2 million TikTok followers over the period analyzed and its total follower account now stands at 4.7 million. Recent content from Complex includes ""Film facts you didn't know about 'Wolf of Wall Street'"" and the account has also re-shared popular memes.    Group Nine Media's NowThis (adding 2.5 million followers) and its politics account NowThisPolitics (2 million followers) were the third- and fourth-largest growing digital news media accounts on TikTok in the ranking. Other fast-growing news media accounts included Insider (2.2 million followers), FamousBirthdays (2.2 million followers), and Bustle Digital Group's NylonMag (1.3 million followers). NylonMag is one of the top news media accounts that only started posting in the last year. Nylon has been pushing digital content since the magazine stopped its print edition in 2017. The account features collaborations with a range of creators such as New York hairstylist @mattloveshair (609k followers) and popular British makeup artist Abby Roberts (16 million followers). Overall, the news and media industry was the sixth fastest-growing category on TikTok last year, according to Conviva. On average, news and media accounts grew their followers by 306,605 last year. The fastest growing categories were sports media, pro sports leagues, and TV and entertainment.  Michael Metzler, digital marketing manager at Conviva, told Insider that posting regularly and maintaining a consistent theme is key to TikTok success. The top 20 news and media accounts on TikTok posted 890 videos on average in the last year, Conviva found. ""News organizations on TikTok have really been able to tap into their own unique content style to explain key articles to a younger audience — news organizations on TikTok have really been able to tap into their own unique content style to explain key articles to a younger audience,"" Metzler said. ""There is a different voice to news on TikTok that hasn't been conveyed in videos on other platforms."" ""Now that TikTok promotes and highlights live content in its [For You Page] this can be a growth hack for those who utilize it right,"" Metzler added. Here are the top 21 digital news media accounts that gained the most followers between February 2020 and February 2021, and how often they posted.  
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",601,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886246435,2021-03-23 07:16:00,Anthony Scaramucci says more companies should hold bitcoin in their balance sheet since the explosion in US money supply is a 'silent tax on American savers',https://markets.businessinsider.com/currencies/news/anthony-scaramucci-more-companies-hold-bitcoin-silent-tax-american-savers-2021-3-1030235548,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886246281,2021-03-23 07:00:12,"En su afán por vacunar a sus poblaciones, los países ricos se olvidaron del resto del mundo",https://www.nytimes.com/es/2021/03/23/espanol/vacunas-covid-patentes.html,es,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by A pesar de las advertencias, los funcionarios estadounidenses y europeos no presionaron a las empresas farmacéuticas para garantizar el acceso de miles de millones de personas a las vacunas. Eso podría prolongar la pandemia. Send any friend a story La pregunta gira en torno a si el gobierno hará algo. El rápido desarrollo de las vacunas contra la COVID-19, logrado en tiempo récord y subsidiado por un inmenso financiamiento de Estados Unidos, la Unión Europea y el Reino Unido, representa un gran triunfo de la pandemia. Los gobiernos se asociaron con las farmacéuticas, invirtieron miles de millones de dólares para conseguir las materias primas, financiaron ensayos clínicos y modernizaron las fábricas. Miles de millones de dólares más se comprometieron para la compra del producto terminado. Un creciente coro de autoridades sanitarias y grupos defensores a nivel mundial les están pidiendo a los gobiernos occidentales usar facultades agresivas —la mayoría de las cuales casi nunca o nunca se han usado antes— que obliguen a las empresas a publicar las recetas de la vacuna, compartir su conocimiento y redoblar la producción. Los defensores de la salud pública han pedido ayuda, incluso le han pedido al gobierno de Biden que use su patente para impulsar un mayor acceso a las vacunas. Pero los gobiernos se han resistido. Al asociarse con las farmacéuticas, los líderes occidentales adquirieron la posibilidad de estar al frente de la fila. Sin embargo, también ignoraron años de advertencias —y las solicitudes explícitas de la Organización Mundial de la Salud— a fin de que incluyeran lenguaje contractual que les hubiera garantizado dosis a los países pobres y alentado a las empresas a compartir su conocimiento y las patentes que controlan. “Fue como correr para conseguir papel higiénico. Todo el mundo decía: ‘Apártate de mi camino. Voy a conseguir el último paquete’”, dijo Gregg Gonsalves, epidemiólogo de Yale. “Solo corrimos por las dosis”. La perspectiva de miles de millones de personas esperando años para ser vacunadas representa una amenaza para la salud incluso para los países más ricos. Un ejemplo: en el Reino Unido, donde el lanzamiento de la vacuna ha sido sólido, los funcionarios de salud están rastreando una variante del virus que surgió en Sudáfrica, donde la cobertura de la vacuna es débil. Esa variante puede mitigar el efecto de las vacunas, lo que significa que incluso las personas vacunadas podrían enfermarse. Según las autoridades sanitarias occidentales, nunca fue su intención excluir a los demás. Pero al tener una inmensa cantidad de muertos en sus propios países, centraron su atención a nivel nacional. El tema de compartir las patentes simplemente nunca surgió, mencionaron. “Se centró en Estados Unidos. No fue antiglobal”. dijo Moncef Slaoui, quien fue el principal asesor científico de la Operación Máxima Velocidad, un programa del gobierno de Donald Trump que financió la búsqueda de vacunas en Estados Unidos. “Todo el mundo estuvo de acuerdo en que, una vez que se satisficieran las necesidades de EE. UU., las dosis de las vacunas se destinarían a otros lugares”. “Vamos a comenzar asegurándonos de que los estadounidenses sean atendidos primero”, comentó Biden hace poco. “Pero luego intentaremos ayudar al resto del mundo”. Presionar a las empresas para que compartan las patentes podría percibirse como un debilitamiento de la innovación, un sabotaje a las farmacéuticas o peleas interminables y costosas con las mismas empresas que estuvieron investigando a fondo para encontrar la salida de la pandemia. Mientras los países ricos siguen luchando por mantener las cosas como están, otros como Sudáfrica e India han llevado la batalla a la Organización Mundial de la Salud, en busca de una exención sobre las restricciones de las patentes para las vacunas de la COVID-19. El problema de las patentes no resolvería por sí solo el desequilibrio de las vacunas. Modernizar o construir fábricas tomaría tiempo. Se tendrían que producir más materias primas. Las autoridades regulatorias tendrían que aprobar nuevas líneas de ensamblado. Y, como sucede cuando se cocina un platillo complicado, no basta con darle a alguien una lista de ingredientes porque eso no sustituye la manera de preparar la receta. Para abordar estos problemas, el año pasado, la OMS creó una reserva tecnológica con el fin de alentar a las empresas a compartir el conocimiento con los fabricantes en naciones de ingresos más bajos. Ni una sola empresa productora de vacunas se ha afiliado. “El problema es que las empresas no quieren hacerlo. Y el gobierno no es muy duro con esas compañías”, dijo James Love, quien dirige Knowledge Ecology International, una organización sin fines de lucro. Hace poco, los ejecutivos de las farmacéuticas les dijeron a los legisladores europeos que estaban otorgando licencias de sus vacunas lo más rápido posible, pero que era complicado encontrar socios que tuvieran la tecnología adecuada. “No tienen el equipamiento”, dijo Stéphane Bancel, director ejecutivo de Moderna. “No hay capacidad”. A pesar del considerable financiamiento gubernamental, las farmacéuticas controlan casi toda la propiedad intelectual y están en una posición de generar una fortuna a partir de las vacunas. Una excepción crucial es la patente que espera una pronta aprobación: un descubrimiento a nivel gubernamental para manipular la proteína clave del coronavirus. Este avance, en el centro de la carrera de 2020 para obtener la vacuna, de hecho apareció años antes en un laboratorio de los Institutos Nacionales de Salud, donde un científico estadounidense llamado Barney Graham estaba en busca de un logro médico muy ambicioso. Durante años, Graham se especializó en ese tipo de investigaciones largas y costosas que solo los gobiernos financian. Buscaba una clave para desentrañar las vacunas universales: planos genéticos que se pudieran usar en contra de cualquiera de las dos docenas de familias virales que infectan a los humanos. Cuando surgiera un nuevo virus, los científicos simplemente iban a ser capaces de modificar el código y hacer una vacuna al poco tiempo. En 2016, mientras realizaban investigaciones sobre el síndrome respiratorio de Oriente Medio, conocido como SROM, Graham y sus colegas desarrollaron un mecanismo para intercambiar un par de aminoácidos en la proteína pico del coronavirus. Se percataron de que esa pizca de ingeniería molecular se podía usar para desarrollar vacunas efectivas en contra de cualquier coronavirus. El gobierno, junto con sus colaboradores de Darmouth College y el Instituto de Investigación Scripps, registró una patente, la cual será expedida este mes. En enero de 2020, cuando los científicos chinos publicaron el código genético del nuevo coronavirus, el equipo de Graham tenía listo su recetario. “Sabíamos exactamente lo que teníamos que hacer”, dijo Jason McLellan, uno de los inventores, que ahora trabaja en la Universidad de Texas en Austin. “Ya habíamos hecho todo eso”. En unos pocos días, le enviaron por correo electrónico el plano genético de la vacuna a Moderna para comenzar la producción. Para finales de febrero, Moderna había producido suficientes vacunas para realizar ensayos clínicos dirigidos por el gobierno. “Hicimos la parte delantera. Ellos hicieron el medio. Y nosotros ejecutamos la parte final”, dijo Graham. Esto le da una influencia especial al gobierno de Biden para obligar a las empresas a compartir tecnología y expandir la producción mundial, dijo Christopher J. Morten, un profesor de Derecho de la Universidad de Nueva York que se ha especializado en las patentes médicas. “Podemos hacer esto de la manera difícil, y te demandamos por infracción de patente”, dijo que era uno de los argumentos que el gobierno podría formular. “O simplemente te comportas de manera correcta y tramitas la licencia de tu tecnología”. Los Institutos Nacionales de la Salud se rehusaron a comentar sobre sus negociaciones con las farmacéuticas, pero señalaron que no anticipaban una disputa por una violación de la patente. Ninguna de las empresas farmacéuticas respondieron a las consultas sobre la patente de 2016. Los expertos dicen que el gobierno tiene una mayor influencia sobre la vacuna de Moderna, que fue financiada casi en su totalidad por los contribuyentes. Las nuevas vacunas de ARNm, como la de Moderna, son relativamente más fáciles de fabricar que las vacunas que dependen de virus vivos. Los científicos la comparan con los viejos reproductores de casetes: primero pruebas una cinta. Si no es correcta, simplemente pones otra. Moderna espera producir 18.400 millones de dólares en ventas de vacunas este año, pero el sistema de administración —el reproductor de casetes— es el secreto más preciado. Revelarlo podría significar regalar la clave del futuro de la empresa. “No debe existir división si queremos ganar esta batalla”, dijo Emmanuel Macron, el presidente de Francia. “Financiamos la investigación, a ambos lados del Atlántico”, dijo Udo Bullmann, miembro alemán del Parlamento Europeo. “Podríamos haber puesto un párrafo que dijera: ‘Estamos obligados a dárselas a los países pobres de una manera en que puedan pagarlas’. Por supuesto que podríamos haber hecho eso”. Instaron al órgano rector de la OMS a considerar las vacunas como “bienes públicos mundiales”. A final de cuentas, los líderes mundiales aprobaron una declaración moderada que reconocía la inmunización exhaustiva —no las vacunas— como un bien público mundial. Ese mismo mes, la OMS lanzó el acceso mancomunado a la tecnología y les pidió a los gobiernos que en sus contratos para adquirir fármacos incluyeran cláusulas que garantizaran una distribución equitativa. Sin embargo, las naciones más ricas del mundo ignoraron la solicitud de manera categórica. En Estados Unidos, la Operación Máxima Velocidad, el programa del gobierno de Trump que financió la investigación para las vacunas en Estados Unidos, desembolsó más de 10.000 millones de dólares en empresas seleccionadas con cuidado y absorbió el riesgo financiero de llevar una vacuna al mercado. “Nuestro rol era permitir que el sector privado fuese exitoso”, dijo Paul Mango, un alto asesor de Alex M. Azar II, quien en ese momento era el secretario de Salud. Los acuerdos se produjeron con algunas salvedades. Grandes porciones de los contratos están tachadas y algunas permanecen secretas. No obstante, los registros públicos muestran que el gobierno usó contratos inusuales que omitieron su derecho a adquirir la propiedad intelectual o influir en el precio y la disponibilidad de las vacunas. No dejaban que el gobierno obligara a las empresas a compartir su tecnología. Los líderes británicos y de otros países europeos hicieron concesiones similares al ordenar dosis suficientes para vacunar a sus poblaciones varias veces. “Había que definir las reglas del juego, y el lugar para hacerlo eran estos contratos de financiamiento”, dijo Ellen ’t Hoen, directora de Ley y Política de Medicamentos, un grupo de investigación internacional. Como medida de presión, la fundación retiene algunos derechos sobre la propiedad intelectual. Slaoui, quien llegó a la Operación Máxima Velocidad después de liderar la investigación y el desarrollo en GlaxoSmithKline, simpatiza con esta idea. Pero no habría sido práctico exigir concesiones de patentes y aún así cumplir con los objetivos principales del programa de velocidad y volumen, dijo. De alguna manera, este fue un viaje por parajes conocidos. Cuando estalló la pandemia de “gripe porcina” H1N1 en 2009, los países más ricos acapararon el mercado mundial de vacunas y prácticamente dejaron fuera al resto del mundo. En ese momento, los expertos dijeron que era una oportunidad para repensar el enfoque. Pero la pandemia de gripe porcina se desvaneció y los gobiernos terminaron destruyendo las vacunas que habían acumulado. Luego se olvidaron de prepararse para el futuro. Durante meses, Estados Unidos y la Unión Europea han bloqueado una propuesta de la OMS que dispensaría los derechos de la propiedad intelectual para las vacunas y los tratamientos para la COVID-19. La solicitud que propusieron Sudáfrica e India con el apoyo de la mayoría de las naciones en vías de desarrollo ha quedado empantanada en audiencias procesales. “Cada minuto que pasamos en un punto muerto en la sala de negociaciones, hay gente muriendo”, dijo Mustaqeem De Gama, un diplomático sudafricano involucrado en las conversaciones. Sin embargo, en Bruselas y Washington, los líderes siguen preocupados por la posibilidad de que se pueda socavar la innovación. Durante la campaña presidencial, el equipo de Biden reunió a los más importantes abogados especializados en propiedad intelectual para encontrar la manera de aumentar la producción de la vacuna. “Querían adoptar una visión internacional de las cosas”, dijo Ana Santos Rutschman, profesora de Derecho en la Universidad de Saint Louis que participó en las sesiones. La mayoría de las opciones eran complicadas desde el punto de vista político. Una vía era usar una ley federal que permite al gobierno tomar la patente de una empresa y dársela a otra para aumentar el suministro. Según exasesores de la campaña, el equipo de Biden no lució entusiasmado frente a esta propuesta y otras que pedían un mayor uso de sus facultades. En cambio, el gobierno ha prometido dar 4000 millones de dólares a Covax, la alianza global para la distribución de la vacuna. No obstante, Covax busca vacunar tan solo al 20 por ciento de los países más pobres del mundo este año y enfrenta un déficit de 2000 millones de dólares tan solo para lograr ese objetivo. Graham, el científico que lideró el equipo que descifró el código de la vacuna contra el coronavirus para Moderna, dijo que la preparación para una pandemia y el desarrollo de la vacuna deben ser colaboraciones internacionales, no competencias. “Mucho de esto no habría sucedido sin una gran inyección de dinero del gobierno”, dijo. Pero los gobiernos no pueden sabotear a las empresas que necesitan ganancias para sobrevivir. Graham ha dejado de estudiar al coronavirus, en gran medida. Quiere crear una vacuna universal contra la gripe, un fármaco que podría prevenir todas las cepas de la enfermedad sin un ajuste anual. Aunque fue vacunado por su trabajo, pasó la primera parte del año tratando de incluir a su esposa e hijos mayores en listas de espera, una prueba que incluso uno de los inventores de las vacunas tuvo que soportar. “Puedes imaginar lo terrible que es eso”, dijo. Matina Stevis-Gridneff y Monika Pronczuk colaboraron en este reportaje. Selam Gebrekidan, reportera de investigación de The New York Times, está radicada en Londres. Previamente fue reportera de datos y empresas para Reuters, donde escribió sobre la migración a Europa y la guerra en Yemen, entre otras historias. También ha cubierto los mercados petroleros de Estados Unidos. Advertisement ",2356,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886246261,2021-03-23 07:29:36,Three Russian nuclear bomber air crew are killed when their ejector seats go off before take-off,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392909/Three-Russian-nuclear-bomber-air-crew-killed-ejector-seats-off.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 186 The plane was not believed to have been loaded with nuclear weapons at the time of the incident at the airfield, which lies some 200 miles southwest of Moscow.  Three crew members of a Russian nuclear bomber have been killed after the ejector seat system was reportedly accidentally triggered as the plane prepared for departure The incident happened on Tuesday ahead of a training flight involving supersonic long range Tu-22M3 bombers at Shaykovka military airfield  The height was insufficient to deploy parachutes and the crew members hit the ground, sustaining injuries 'incompatible with life' Vadim Beloslyudtsev, commander of the Tu-22M3 strike forces, was confirmed as being among those killed.  Two other members, named only as Major Sultanov and flight training instructor Podsoblyaev, were also confirmed to have been killed in the incident. The pilot was the only crew member to survive and did so because he had buckled his seat before the unintentional ejection, according to Lenta.  Beloslyudtsev's death is considered a major blow to Russia's armed forces. The senior officer, 48, had flown missions totalling 540 hours on the supersonic Tupolev planes before he was promoted.       A statement from the Russian defence ministry said: 'During preparation for the Tu-22M3 flight on the ground, the ejection system malfunctioned at an airfield in Kaluga region. Vadim Beloslyudtsev, commander of the Tu-22M3 strike forces, was confirmed as being among those killed Beloslyudtsev's death is considered a major blow to Russia's armed forces. The senior officer, 48, had flown missions totalling 540 hours on the supersonic Tupolev planes before he was promoted 'Due to the insufficient height to deploy the parachutes, three crew members received injuries incompatible with life upon landing.' A special team was sent to Kaluga to investigate the tragedy on the nuclear strike aircraft.    Pilots from the squadron were recently given Covid-19 jabs to be able to participate in Russia's May 9 Victory Day parade, marking the end of the Second World War. Three years ago, a Tu-22M3 broke in two and erupted in flames as it crash landed in the Arctic. In 2004, a Tu-22M3 crashed in the Novgorod region, killing all four crew members. The Tupolev bomber - an aircraft in service since the Soviet era - can strike targets 4,350 miles from base, and is a key war plane for potential deployment against the West. It has a crew of four.   The plane was not believed to have been loaded with nuclear weapons at the time of the incident at the Shaykokva military airfield, which lies some 200 miles southwest of Moscow Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",447,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886236060,2021-03-23 07:00:00,How Investors Can Better Understand Naturally Occurring Affordable Housing,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesrealestatecouncil/2021/03/23/how-investors-can-better-understand-naturally-occurring-affordable-housing/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty What is perhaps a new-to-you term for this type of housing? Naturally occurring affordable housing, or NOAH — and it may be coming to an investment you own. As such, it's important for investors to understand NOAH and related goals or initiatives that may subject your property to interest from the state or non-profits looking to preserve affordable housing. Preserving NOAH Proponents of this approach of preserving and focusing on the issue from a holistic view think the situation requires intervention from different points. The talk is of stabilizing independent owners via new subsidies for upgrades to the property in exchange for covenants to keep it as affordable housing. Should the property become available for sale, the proponents of preserving NOAH suggest that avenues of financing can provide capital to developers interested in NOAH preservation while maintaining competitiveness in the market. Equity And Government Intervention Covenants are one path proponents of preserving affordable housing are considering. Covenants — once upon a property — run with the land and cannot be extinguished after they are placed on the title unless all involved parties agree to amendments. In this particular case, the suggestion is to offer low-interest loans to rehab or otherwise acquire properties deemed NOAH. The basis of the covenant is that if the incentives are accepted, the current owner and any future owner shall hold the rental as affordable housing and accept those levels of pricing. Finding New Avenues To Affordable Housing What are investors likely to do with more of these initiatives coming online in different cities? Take the low-rate loans and give a covenant? If they don't wish to do that, then what? You might find yourself presented with a future of low or no rent due to the condition of your property and no subsidized rehab or redevelopment funds to compare. At that point, you would either need to reinvest yourself using more traditional financing or sell the property. Selling may be difficult — especially if your property is severely dilapidated. You may also find that non-profits or other investors willing to use subsidies will buy — increasing the number of subsidized properties.  It’s admirable to think outside the box while facing a circumstance as dire as the affordable housing shortage and the economic upheaval caused by the pandemic. I'd argue it's just as admirable as the right of a property owner or investor to understand any studies or initiatives that could impact their investment. With many options before governments and even individual owners, it's important to stay informed and understand stated goals. ",428,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886236162,2021-03-23 06:49:45,"Tesla stock is off its high, but it's not 'on sale': trader",https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tesla-stock-is-off-its-high-but-its-not-on-sale-trader-104945788.html,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,Thank you for your patience. Our engineers are working quickly to resolve the issue. ,15,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886247805,2021-03-23 07:00:39,"Column: Asians, Blacks experience racism differently. But we need to unite against hate",https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2021-03-23/asian-black-alliance-violence-civil-rights-racism,en,False,,6,LA Times,http://www.latimes.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886246254,2021-03-23 07:29:42,Prince Harry and Meghan Markle admit they DIDN'T marry in secret three days before Royal wedding,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392537/Prince-Harry-Meghan-Markle-admit-DIDNT-marry-secret-three-days-Royal-wedding.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 8.5k Britons were left fuming as it raised questions why the £32million taxpayer-funded wedding at Windsor Castle in May 2018 was necessary. Meanwhile it emerged yesterday another of the Sussexes' right-hand women in the US is moving to another role after less than a year in her current job. 'Chief of staff' Catherine St Laurent has left her post leading to reports the departure was unexpected. Lawyers for the couple denied this, saying she was employed on a fixed-term contract which was due to expire.  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex confessed the ceremony with the Archbishop of Canterbury in Kensington Palace saw them just 'privately exchange personal vows' Meghan claimed that the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby married her and Harry three days before their wedding Catherine St-Laurent Catherine St-Laurent took on the position of chief of staff and executive director of the Sussexes' non-profit enterprise the Archewell Foundation in April 2020. The Canadian-born French speaker was previously the director at Pivotal Ventures - Melinda Gates' women and families foundation - and held a top communications role at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.  At the time of her appointment, a friend told the Mail that Ms St-Laurent  was 'feisty, fair and up for a tough conversation', adding: 'But if all goes wrong, she is good for a laugh and a cocktail afterwards.  'She's a good egg. She'll bring a clean-sheet perspective.' After her hiring last year, the Sussexes had said: 'We are proud to be joined by Catherine St-Laurent in this next chapter with us. 'Her leadership and proven track record working within two organizations that have tremendous impact in the world — the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and Pivotal Ventures make her an incredible asset and we're excited to have her on our team.' In a departing email to staff, she announced: 'I am thrilled to be able to play a supporting role in realising their vision and enabling them to achieve impact on the issues that matter most to them.' They said they had 'privately exchanged personal vows a few days before their official/legal wedding on May 19'. In the interview with Oprah, Meghan said: 'You know, three days before our wedding, we got married. No one knows that.' She said the couple asked the Archbishop to marry them in private at Nottingham Cottage — their home in the grounds of Kensington Palace. But the claim was blown apart yesterday after the General Register Office revealed the couple's wedding certificate for the first time. It proved they did get married on May 19, 2018 in the lavish ceremony at Windsor Castle after all. The official who drew up the licence says Meghan is 'obviously confused' and 'clearly misinformed' over the wedding.  Stephen Borton, former chief clerk at the Faculty Office, told the Sun: 'They did not marry three days earlier in front of the Archbishop of Canterbury. 'The Special Licence I helped draw up enabled them to marry at St George's Chapel in Windsor and what happened there on 19 May 2018 and was seen by millions around the world was the official wedding as recognised by the Church of England and the law. 'What I suspect they did was exchange some simple vows they had perhaps written themselves, and which is fashionable, and said that in front of the Archbishop — or, and more likely, it was a simple rehearsal.' Mr Borton said they could not have been married in the grounds of Nottingham Cottage because it is not an authorised venue. He also added there were not enough witnesses to make it a valid ceremony. Mr Borton said: 'In order for them to be married a Special Licence was drawn up and the wording from Her Majesty the Queen authorising the wedding and the official venue was recorded.' He said the £325 fee normally paid for couples to have a Special Licence was waived for the couple. The wedding certificate confirmed the ceremony took place at Windsor Castle with the witnesses recorded as Prince Charles and Meghan's mother Doria Ragland. A spokesman for the Archbishop said he would not be commenting on personal or pastoral matters. Rev Mark Edwards, a C of E priest from Newcastle, said: 'When I called Lambeth Palace to ask about this I was told Justin doesn't do private weddings. Meghan doesn't understand. 'But the fact that the Archbishop has not commented publicly needs to be addressed.' General Register Office has now revealed the couple's wedding certificate for the first time, proving they did get married on May 19, 2018 in a lavish ceremony at Windsor Castle after all and not in private in a ceremony officiated by the Archbishop James Holt James Holt previously led communications for the Royal Foundation, the charity headed by the Cambridges. Holt has worked at Kensington Palace for several years – as well as for the Liberal Democrats – and is passionate about many of the causes championed by Harry and Meghan. He acted as Harry and Meghan's UK spokesman and will now take on the role of executive director of the Archewell Foundation. Holt, a BA Journalism graduate from the University of Lincoln, rose to the position of Head of Media for the Liberal Democrats in 2010 - and stayed in the role until August 2013. He worked as Special Adviser to the Deputy Prime Minister - Nick Clegg - from June 2013 to January 2014, and moved up to become Head of Government Communications for the Deputy PM until September 2014. He took on the voluntary position of Director of Communications for Pride in London between March 2016 and November 2017. In October 2017 he took up the role of Senior Communications Officer for The Royal Foundation of The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry - staying in the role for one year. He then became Head of Communications at The Royal Foundation for one year, until September 2019. He decided to look into Meghan's claims because during the Covid outbreak he has been inundated with requests for private weddings which have been declined.  Rev Edwards, the vicar at St Matthew's Church, in Dinnington, and St Cuthbert's Church, in Brunswick, Newcastle upon Tyne, said he was told by a Lambeth Palace staff member: 'Justin does not do private weddings. Meghan is an American, she does not understand.' He says the claim has caused confusion among clergy and couples anxious to tie the knot and is asking Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby to clarify the situation. Elsewhere yesterday it emerged another of the Sussexes' right-hand women in the US is moving to another role after less than a year in her current job. Catherine St Laurent - head-hunted by the couple from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to become their 'chief of staff' - has left her post leading to reports the departure was unexpected. Lawyers for the couple denied reports that she had left unexpectedly, saying she was employed on a fixed term contract which is due to expire. The couple called her an 'incredible asset' when they announced her appointment, adding: 'We are excited to have her on our team.' But yesterday it emerged the Canadian-born mother-of-two has unexpectedly left her current post. There was no comment from her directly, but according to the New York Post, Miss St Laurent has already stepped down, although she will continue to work with Archewell in an 'advisory' role. She will be replaced as Archewell's executive director by the couple's current communications officer in the UK, James Holt. Reports suggest they have no immediate plans to replace him, leaving the Duke and Duchess of Sussex without any official representation in Britain and all their media relations now being handled in the US. The couple have already appointed Toya Holness as Archewell's 'global press secretary'. Buckingham Palace ceased to act for them after they quit as working royals last spring. Catherine St Laurent was head-hunted by the couple from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to become their 'chief of staff' Ben Browning Veteran producer Mr Browning has previously worked on films including The Big Sick, Arrival, Room and Late Night and is set to head up Archewell's work with Spotify and Netflix. Most recently,  Mr Browning worked on Promising Young Woman, starring Carey Mulligan, which was nominated for five Oscars.  Browning has been nominated for a BAFTA Award, Academy Award and PGA Award for his role in the production of Promising Young Woman, starring Carey Mulligan. He had also previously worked as executive producer on HBO's I Know This Much Is True, which stars Mark Ruffalo. Browning said in a statement: 'The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have founded a next-generation production company with best-in-class distribution partners in Netflix and Spotify, a clear agenda to inform and entertain, and an unparalleled global reach. 'From the moment they shared their vision for Archewell as a global production company that will spotlight diverse voices and share uplifting stories, I knew I wanted to help with this unique opportunity.  'It's a thrilling company to be starting.' One royal insider expressed surprise at Miss St Laurent's departure, telling the Mail: 'She was a huge appointment for them. 'A big hitter with a great track record, poached to head up their new working life in the US. It is really quite astonishing she has left that role after less than a year.' Miss St Laurent is apparently launching her own new 'social impact firm', supported by and working with Archewell. Harry and Meghan were dogged by a spate of departures from their ranks as working royals, losing at least two PAs as well as other key staff from their private office. Earlier this month Buckingham Palace announced it was launching a probe into the handling of claims by their former head of communications that Meghan bullied several female members of their team, forcing at least two to quit. A spokesman for the couple denied the claims, calling it a 'calculated smear campaign'. At the time of her appointment as Harry and Meghan's most senior team member, Miss St Laurent had said she was 'thrilled to be able to play a supporting role in realising their vision'. She added: 'From our very first conversation, Harry and Meghan have expressed a deep commitment to improving lives and having a positive impact on society.' The couple have also made two high-profile new appointments. Ben Browning, who produced the Oscar-nominated film Promising Young Woman, is now head of content for Archewell Productions and Archewell Audio as part of their multi-million dollar link-ups with Netflix and Spotify. Mr Browning said it was a 'unique opportunity' and he wanted to turn Archewell into a 'global production company that will spotlight diverse voices and share uplifting stories'. The couple have also linked up with Invisible Hand – a 'social impact and culture change agency'. Intriguingly, given numerous reports suggesting Meghan has political ambitions in the US, its founder Genevieve Roth worked on Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign. She will also serve as a 'senior strategic adviser' to the couple. A statement said Invisible Hand would be focusing on 'strategic change through storytelling and community building in support of gender and racial equity'. A spokesman for the Sussexes added: 'They join a rapidly expanding team that's deeply dedicated to advancing systemic cultural change and supporting compassionate communities across the world.' A judge has ordered The Mail on Sunday to publish a statement saying it infringed the Duchess of Sussex's copyright by publishing extracts of a letter she sent her father.  Lord Justice Warby said it did not need to be published until the outcome of an appeal process. He also ruled against Meghan on how large the statement needed to be printed, saying it would take up a 'disproportionate amount of the front page' if the font size was the same as the original 2019 headline. Meghan and Harry unleashed bombshell after bombshell in their Oprah interview that was sure to send shockwaves pulsing through the heart of the monarchy. They made jaw-dropping claims of brazen racism and delved into difficult conversations of family rifts. Although much of the interview was an outpouring of emotion, many of the claims can be stood up - or knocked down - with facts. Here, MailOnline drills down into some of the central claims of the interview.  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have insisted their interview with Oprah Winfrey would be the 'last word' on them quitting as senior royals  Meghan never researched the Royal Family prior to joining Meghan said: 'I didn't do any research about what that would mean,' she said. 'I never looked up my husband online.' Fact check: Unlikely Meghan's claim that she never researched Harry, nor the Royal Family, before entering into the relationship is at odds with claims made in the couple's biography. Although the Sussexes maintain they did not contribute to Finding Freedom, it was written by friendly journalists Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand, who say the book was impeccably well-sourced by those closest to the couple. Prior to their first date at Dean Street Townhouse in 2016, the authors write: 'Naturally both participants in this blind date did their homework with a thorough Google search. Harry, who scoped out Meghan on social media, was interested.' A friend is also claimed to have impressed on Meghan the attention she would command for dating Harry, saying: 'This could be crazy...you will be the most wanted woman'. The duchess said she 'didn't do any research' into the monarchy, 'didn't fully understand what the job was', and did not grow up 'knowing much about the Royal Family'.  Friends of the duchess have painted a different picture, revealing that she was fascinated by the royals in her youth. Ninaki Priddy, who was Meghan's maid of honour at her first wedding to Trevor Engelson, said her friend was 'always fascinated by the Royal Family. She wants to be Princess Diana 2.0'. She added: 'She had one of Princess Diana's books [Diana: Her True Story] on her bookshelf, and even when she was with Trevor she told me she wanted to go and stay in London for at least a month. I know she used to love The Princess Diaries films.' The mother of Suzy Ardakani, one of the duchess's high school friends, has described how she taped Diana's wedding and would watch it with her daughter and Meghan years later. Meghan Markle is seen heading to a hotel to meet up with some friends in Toronto, Canada, in November 2016 Harry and Meghan were actually secretly wed three days before the Windsor ceremony by the Archbishop of Canterbury  Meghan said: 'You know, three days before our wedding, we got married. No one knows that... We called the Archbishop and we just said, 'Look, this thing, this spectacle is for the world but we want our union between us.'  Fact check: Unlikely Church of England marriages require at least two witnesses and the public must also have unrestricted access to the building during any marriage ceremony to allow for valid objections against the marriage.  At the time the couple were living in the grounds of Kensington Palace, and their residence is off limits to the public. A couple who are already lawfully married cannot choose to re-marry each other, unless there is some doubt as to the validity of the earlier marriage. Reverend David Green, Vicar of St Mary's, West Malling and the Rector of St Michael's, Offham, said it was impossible to have had two weddings, adding: 'I think the Archbishop needs to clarify what did or did not happen three days before.'  This means that one of the two ceremonies was more likely just an exchange of vows rather than a legally recognised wedding.  'I was silenced' Meghan said she was 'silenced' by the institution. 'Everyone in my world was given very clear directive, from the moment the world knew Harry and I were dating, to say 'No comment'. On the day they announced their engagement, Meghan and Harry gave a lengthy interview to the BBC's Mishal Husain, although the duchess reportedly complained afterwards that the journalist had not been 'warm enough'.  On their tour of South Africa, they granted interviews to ITN's Tom Bradby, when Meghan memorably told him: 'Not many people have asked if I'm OK.'  Royal insiders have stressed that it was very much the case that Harry and Meghan themselves 'called the shots' when it came to publicity, deciding which charities to support, which engagements to go on, and which media to grant interviews to. Secret: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have revealed that they were married in secret three days before their royal wedding on May 19, 2018 Meghan Markle and Prince Harry shared candid footage of Archie playing on a beach during their bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey  Archie has a birthright to be a prince Meghan said: 'Idea of the first member of colour in this family, not being titled in the same way that other grandchildren would be... It's not their right to take it away'  Fact check: False Archie did not have a birthright to be a prince, but could potentially become one when Charles accedes to the throne.  That William and Kate's children have the HRH title and are styled as prince and princesses - and Archie is not - stems from a ruling more than 100 years ago. In 1917, King George V issued a written order that only royal offspring who are in the direct line of succession could be made a prince and receive HRH titles. The Letters Patent read: '...the grandchildren of the sons of any such sovereign in the direct male line (save only the eldest living son of the eldest son of the Prince of Wales) shall have and enjoy in all occasions the style and title enjoyed by the children of dukes of these our realms.' Under the rules, only Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge's eldest son Prince George - as a great-grandson of the monarch down the direct line of succession to the throne - was originally entitled to be a prince. The Queen stepped in ahead of George's birth in 2013 to issue a Letters Patent to ensure all George's siblings - as the children of future monarch William - would have fitting titles, meaning they were extended to Charles and Louis. Under the George V rules, Archie would be entitled to be an HRH or a prince when his grandfather Charles, the Prince of Wales, accedes to the throne.   The Duke and Duchess of Sussex introduce their baby son Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor during a photocall in St George's Hall at Windsor Castle in May 2019 Archie wouldn't get 24/7 security because he wasn't a prince Meghan said: 'In those months when I was pregnant, all around this same time, so we (had) the conversation of he won't be given security, he's not going to be given a title.' Fact check: False Being a prince or princess does not automatically mean royals have police protection. Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie's security is no longer paid for by the taxpayer. Harry and Meghan no longer receive British police protection, and are understood to be paying for private security.  Feeling that she 'just didn't want to be alive any more' in January 2019, Meghan said she 'went to the institution, and I said that I needed to go somewhere to get help', but was refused because it 'wouldn't be good for the institution'.  The duchess claimed: 'I went to human resources, and I said, 'I just really – I need help',' but HR could not do anything because she was not a paid member of staff. She longed to check herself into a hospital or similar clinic but 'you can't just do that... I couldn't, you know, call an Uber to the Palace'. Meghan was not asked by Miss Winfrey why she went to HR rather than simply ask her GP to make a referral or seek advice from a mental health clinician herself, in the same way she might have done for any other ailment. One insider pointed out that HR exists for Palace employees while the royals themselves have a private office to help arrange everything from booking a holiday to fixing a medical appointment.  Harry, meanwhile, said he was ashamed of admitting to his family that Meghan needed help, and so he did not talk to them.  The duke, who is passionate about the mental health campaign he launched, called Heads Together, and has himself sought therapy in the past, said that with his wife he 'had no idea what to do'. The Duchess of Cambridge with Princess Charlotte and other bridesmaids arriving at St George's Chapel in Windsor Castle for the wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan in May 2018  Responding to claims that she reduced Kate to tears, Meghan said: 'No, no. The reverse happened'. Fact check: Contested   Reports of a pre-wedding clash between the duchesses first emerged in November 2018, when sources claimed Meghan had been left displeased with a 'stressful' dress fitting for the flower girls.  Accounts differed as to the source of the row. Some said it was a disagreement on whether the bridesmaids should wear tights - Meghan reportedly believed they should not. Other reports said it stemmed from Princess Charlotte's dress not fitting, meaning another had to be scheduled. A source said at the time: 'Kate had only just given birth to her third child, Prince Louis, and was feeling quite ­emotional.'  But during the Oprah interview Meghan flatly denied the reports and claimed it was Kate that left her upset.   Meghan said: [There were] concerns and conversations about how dark his [Archie's] skin might be when he's born'  Harry and Meghan said they will never reveal the person who made these comments. However Oprah revealed that Harry confirmed it was not the Queen nor Prince Philip.  While currently not commenting on the contents interview, Buckingham Palace are almost certain to push back on suggestions of institutional racism. They could launch an investigation - as they have done with claims of bullying.  Harry was financially cut off from the royals  Harry said: 'My family literally cut me off financially, and I had to afford security for us' Fact check: They wanted to be financially independent Before cutting ties, 95 per cent of their money came from Prince Charles's income from the Duchy of Cornwall, and 5 per cent from the taxpayer-funded Sovereign Grant. Princes William and Harry received most of a £13million fortune left by their mother Princess Diana. Harry is also thought to have had millions left to him by the Queen mother.   Meghan has not seen Samantha Markle in almost 20 years Meghan said: 'The last time I saw her must have been at least 18, 19 years.'  Fact check: False During the interview Meghan distanced herself from her half-sister Samantha, who she said she hardly knows and she grew up 'an only child'. A photograph from 2008 - 13 years ago - shows Meghan with Samantha at her graduation.  Samantha last night slammed the royal's interview with Oprah Winfrey, saying 'the truth was totally ignored and omitted' while providing photos and documents to disprove each of the Duchess of Sussex's claims about her. The pregnant Duchess of Sussex told Oprah, 67, that Samantha 'doesn't know' her, claiming she was raised as 'an only child' - but her half-sister has now insisted that couldn't be further from the truth.   Meghan said the Press 'created' news about Meghan's father 'to create drama' Fact check: False  Meghan Markle's estranged father Thomas denied his daughter's claims he had 'betrayed' her before branding his son-in-law 'snotty' and declaring: 'We all make mistakes - but I've never played naked pool or dressed like Hitler like Harry did'. Mr Markle says that he's apologised '100 times' for doing a deal with a paparazzi photographer before the royal wedding in 2018 and urged the couple to see him now they only live '70 miles away' from his Mexico home in Los Angeles. He also denied the Royal Family - or Britain - is racist, calling Meghan and Harry's claims 'bulls**t' and saying if it is true a royal asked about how 'dark' Archie's skin would be, it was probably just a 'dumb question'. Mr Markle spoke to Good Morning Britain in the UK after watching the Oprah interview with his daughter and her husband. In it Meghan said she cannot fathom hurting her son Archie in the way her own father 'betrayed' her, admitting she 'found it hard to reconcile' with Thomas after he insisted that he had not been speaking to the media. She said: 'I look at Archie, I think about this child, and I genuinely can't imagine doing anything to intentionally cause pain to my child'. Mr Markle said that while he did let her down, she had 'let me down too' by cutting him off after heart surgery almost three years ago. He said: 'The bottom line is she didn't lose me, she made a statement saying she lost me, she didn't lose me, I would've always been there for her, I'm there for her now if she wants me'. He added: 'We all make mistakes - but I've never played naked pool or dressed like Hitler like Harry did'. Mr Markle was referencing Harry's trip to Las Vegas where he stripped off in a hotel to play pool and once wearing a Nazi uniform to a party when he was 20. Describing his last phone call with Harry he said: 'Harry had said to me if you had listened to me, this wouldn't have happened to you. Me, laying in a hospital bed after a having procedure, I had a stint put here and put here and that was kind of snotty so I hung up on him.' But Mr Markle also used the rare interview to urge his daughter to reach out to him. He said: 'I'd like to say again. I'm sorry for what I've done. This was two years ago. But I've tried to make it up to her. I'm now only 70 miles away. I've never stopped loving her. I don't agree with all the things that my children they do. But I will always love them. And I certainly love Meghan'. A photograph from 2008 - 13 years ago - shows Meghan with her half-sister Samantha Markle at her graduation Meghan had to turn over her passport, keys and driving licence to royal aides Meghan said: 'When I joined that family, that was the last time I saw my passport, my driving licence, my keys - all of that gets turned over.' Senior royals are often pictured driving themselves and it is believed there have never been prior claims of a royal having keys and passports held.  Harry and Meghan received police protection, meaning their travel was meticulously planned by officers.  Meghan's press team didn't defend her when 'things weren't true' Oprah asked Meghan about stories that she made Kate cry, saying: 'So, all the time the stories were out that you had made Kate cry, you knew all along, and people around you knew that that wasn't true.' Meghan replied: 'Everyone in the institution knew it wasn't true.' And Oprah then said: 'So, why didn't somebody just say that?' Meghan said: 'That's a good question.' Fact check: Contested Making a wider point, Mail on Sunday royal correspondent Emily Andrews has said that Meghan's press team did in fact defend untrue stories, saying this was 'just not right'. Ms Andrews said that she interacted with a press team who defended the Sussexes 'again and again and again, told me things were wrong - so didn't publish - and indeed tried to stop me when true.' Palace lied to protect other members of the Royal Family There was clearly frustration felt by the couple, with some justification, towards the Palace PR machine, which was sometimes reluctant to 'fight every little fire', as one source put it.  But the Palace did robustly stand ground on many other stories that the couple insisted were not true, resulting in the media not running them.  The Palace pursued at least one national newspaper all the way to press regulator IPSO over a story about their Frogmore home, and won a decisive victory for Harry and Meghan. The duchess complained that she was 'not protected', but Palace sources have hit back at the idea the duchess was left to fend for herself, suggesting it was her own aides who needed protection from her bullying ways – something she strenuously denies. Meghan appears to be talking about a four-year period, and it is likely the situation varied.  She was spotted enjoying outings on numerous occasions, including a pub lunch with Harry, going for facials near their Kensington Palace home and shopping trips.  Newspaper held story about Thomas Markle until Sunday before Meghan's wedding Meghan: 'If we were going to use the word betrayal, it's because when I asked him, when we were told by the comms team, this is a story that was going to be coming out, which, by the way, the tabloids had apparently known for a month or so and decided to hold until the Sunday before our wedding because they wanted to create drama, which is also a really key point in all this.' Fact check: False Meghan claimed 'the tabloids had apparently known for a month' that Thomas Markle had staged paparazzi photos before the wedding but 'decided to hold till the Sunday before our wedding... to create drama,' adding: 'They did not report the news, they created the news.' She suggested she had 'lost' her father forever as a result.  In truth, far from sitting on the paparazzi story, the Mail on Sunday, which broke it, published within 24 hours of getting the proof. Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",5000,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886246272,2021-03-23 07:00:15,"First Atlanta, then Boulder: Two mass shootings in a week.",https://www.nytimes.com/live/2021/03/23/us/boulder-colorado-shooting/first-atlanta-then-boulder-two-mass-shootings-in-a-week,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"The suspect was convicted in 2018 of misdemeanor assault against another student at his high school, and fellow students recall him as having a fierce temper. Suspect in hand, investigators hunt for a motive in the Boulder shooting. Biden calls for action on gun violence after two mass shootings in a week. She thought it might be her last phone call: ‘I just told them I loved them.’ Across states, a checkerboard of gun laws reflects a partisan tilt. The suspect was prone to angry outbursts, according to former classmates. A judge recently blocked Boulder from enforcing its assault-weapon ban. transcript “The suspect has been identified as Ahmad Alissa, 21, of Arvada. He has been charged with 10 counts of murder in the first degree, and will be shortly transported to the Boulder County jail.” “Families that are grieving today woke up today without their loved ones, including an officer who bravely died in the line of duty protecting this community, Officer Talley. His service and his sacrifice will never be forgotten.” “There was this exchange of gunfire, which suspect was shot. No other officers were injured. The suspect was taken into custody at 3:28 p.m. He was transported to the hospital for treatment, now in stable condition.” “Our objective is to conduct a thorough and meticulous investigation. The F.B.I. is involved because the resources we can bring to bear to support our law enforcement partners and the investigation. At this time, we are supporting evidence collection. We are supporting processing the crime scene. We are conducting interviews and we are providing analytical support as we exploit all the evidence that is collected.” “The eyes of the nation are on Boulder. The eyes of the nation are on Colorado. And every level of law enforcement, federal, state and local, is working together to make sure that we can bring justice.” A police affidavit made public on Tuesday said that last week he bought a Ruger AR-556 semiautomatic pistol — essentially a shortened version of an AR-15 style rifle, which fires the same small-caliber, high-velocity ammunition, first developed for battlefield use. Statements from the police and the charging documents did not make fully clear what models of weapons he used in the attack, and whether the Ruger was one of them. The suspect’s identity was previously known to the F.B.I. because he was linked to another individual under investigation by the bureau, according to law enforcement officials. When he was a senior at Arvada West High School, Mr. Alissa was convicted in 2018 of misdemeanor assault against another student in a classroom, and told the police at the time that it was in retaliation for insults and ethnic taunts. Fellow students recall him as having a fierce temper that would flare in response to setbacks or slights. Among the victims of the massacre on Monday was Officer Eric Talley, 51, with the Boulder Police Department, who had responded to a “barrage” of 911 calls about the shooting, Chief Maris Herold said. The authorities identified the nine additional victims as Denny Stong, 20; Neven Stanisic, 23; Rikki Olds, 25; Tralona Bartkowiak, 49; Suzanne Fountain, 59; Teri Leiker, 51; Kevin Mahoney, 61; Lynn Murray, 62; and Jody Waters, 65. Chief Herold said at a news conference that police officers had run into the King Soopers grocery store within minutes of the shooting and had shot at the suspect. No other officers were injured during the response, she said. She said Mr. Alissa was taken to a hospital for treatment of a leg injury Court records show he was born in Syria in 1999, as did a Facebook page that appeared to belong to the suspect, giving his name as Ahmad Al Issa; the page was taken down within an hour of his name being released by the authorities. Michael Dougherty, the Boulder County district attorney, said the suspect had “lived most of his life in the United States.” Mr. Alissa was a wrestler in high school and the Facebook page listed wrestling and kickboxing as being among his interests, and many of the posts were about martial arts. One, in 2019, said simply, “#NeedAGirlfriend.” The shooting came just six days after another gunman’s deadly shooting spree at massage parlors in the Atlanta area. “Flags had barely been raised back to full mast after the tragic shooting in Atlanta that claimed eight lives, and now a tragedy here, close to home, at a grocery store that could be any of our neighborhood grocery stores,” Colorado’s governor, Jared Polis, said at the news conference. Chief Herold said the coroner’s office had identified all of the victims and notified their families before 4 a.m. Tuesday. A video streamed live from outside of the grocery store on Monday had appeared to show a suspect — handcuffed, shirtless and with his right leg appearing to be covered in blood — being taken from the building by officers. Employees and shoppers inside the grocery store described a harrowing scene. “I thought I was going to die,” said Alex Arellano, 35, who was working in the store’s meat department when he heard a series of gunshots and saw people running toward an exit. The authorities in Boulder, Colo., on Tuesday identified the 10 victims of the King Soopers grocery store shooting.  Among the victims was Officer Eric Talley, 51, with the Boulder Police Department, who had responded to a “barrage” of 911 calls about the shooting. Authorities identified the nine other people who were killed as Denny Stong, 20; Neven Stanisic, 23; Rikki Olds, 25; Tralona Bartkowiak, 49; Suzanne Fountain, 59; Teri Leiker, 51; Kevin Mahoney, 61; Lynn Murray, 62; and Jody Waters, 65. Here is what we know about the victims so far. Rikki Olds, a 25-year-old who loved the outdoors, was a front-end manager at King Soopers, where she had worked for about seven or eight years, her uncle, Robert Olds, said. Ms. Olds was an energetic, bubbly and “happy-go-lucky” young woman who “brought life to the family,” he said.  The whole family is in shock, particularly Ms. Olds’ grandmother, who raised her. “My mom was her mom,” he said. “My mom raised her.” Eric Talley, an 11-year veteran of the Boulder Police Department, was described as “heroic” by Chief Maris Herold.  “The world lost a great soul,” said Officer Talley’s father, Homer Talley. “He was a devoted father — seven kids. The youngest was 7 and the oldest was 20, and his family was the joy of his life.”   Ms. Murray was a former photo director for several New York City magazines, her husband said. The couple moved from New York in 2002, first to Stuart, Fla., then to Colorado, to raise their two children.  “I just want her to be remembered as just as this amazing, amazing comet spending 62 years flying across the sky,” said her husband, John Mackenzie.  Tralona Lynn “Lonna” Bartkowiak, 49, managed a shop in Boulder that sold yoga and festival clothing, said her brother, Michael Bartkowiak of Roseburg, Ore. “She rented a house outside Boulder,” he said, “and lived there with her little Chihuahua, Opal. She had just gotten engaged.” Teri Leiker, 51, had worked for about 30 years at King Soopers, according to her friend, Alexis Knutson, 22.  Ms. Knutson met Ms. Leiker through a program called Best Buddies that connects students at University of Colorado Boulder and members of the community with intellectual and developmental disabilities. They attended C.U. sporting events together, and Ms. Leiker loved to cheer on the teams. Ms. Knutson struggled to comprehend what had happened. “The fact that this happened is just devastating, especially somewhere where she goes to work every day,” she said.  “My dad represents all things Love,” she said on Twitter. “I’m so thankful he could walk me down the aisle last summer.” “I am now pregnant,” she said. “I know he wants me to be strong for his granddaughter.”  Denny Stong, 20, had worked at King Soopers for several years. A high school friend described him as one of the kindest people she had ever met. Neighbors knew Suzanne L. Fountain, 59, as a prolific gardener who passed a steady stream of tomatoes, lettuce and basil over the wooden fence surrounding her yard. “She would always share her abundance with us,” said Laura Rose Boyle Gaydos, who until recently lived next door.  Ms. Fountain was an actress in the early 1990s, appearing in productions at the Denver Center for the Performing Arts. More recently, she found a creative outlet at eTown, a nationally syndicated public radio show produced in Boulder.  In 2018 she embarked on a new career, advising people turning 65 about how to apply for Medicare. Neven Stanisic, 23, had been fixing coffee machines at the Starbucks inside the supermarket, and was in the parking lot, just leaving, when he was gunned down, said the family’s priest, the Rev. Radovan Petrovic. Mr. Stanisic was the son of Serbian refugees who had fled Bosnia during the 1990s. His Facebook page is filled with anime drawings, and his profile picture shows him posing with friends from his Lakewood, Colo., high school. He was the shining hope, Father Petrovic said, “of a family who, like many refugees, had come with basically nothing but their lives, to start a new life here.” President Biden said Tuesday that he was “devastated” by the killing of 10 people at a grocery store in Boulder, Colo., and called on Congress not to “wait another minute” in enacting legislation to ban assault-style weapons and high-capacity ammunition magazines. “This is not and should not be a partisan issue — it is an American issue,” a somber Mr. Biden said in brief remarks delivered in the State Dining Room at the White House. “We have to act.”  “Another American city has been scarred by gun violence and the resulting trauma,” he said. The following year, when a gunman targeting Latinos in El Paso, Texas, killed 22 people, there were nine such shootings. “Those were the worst years on record,” said Jillian Peterson, an associate professor of criminal justice at Hamline University in St. Paul, Minn., and a co-founder of the Violence Project, a research center that studies gun violence. “Atlanta was a week ago and now it’s Boulder,” said Meredith Johnson, a 25-year-old Boulder resident, on Monday as she was walking on a sidewalk across the street from the King Soopers grocery store where the shooting occurred. “What is it going to be two weeks from now?” Earlier on Tuesday, Vice President Kamala Harris, speaking at an event in Washington, praised the “heroism” of Eric Talley, a Boulder Police officer killed while responding to the shooting. Mr. Biden also praised the officer’s efforts and offered his condolences to his “close, close family” of seven children. Maggie Montoya was in the pharmacy distributing coronavirus vaccine shots when the first gunshot cut through the busy aisles of the King Soopers grocery store in Boulder, Colo. One person waiting in line for a vaccination was shot dead, Ms. Montoya said, and she and her co-workers raced for cover in back rooms behind the pharmacy counter. Ms. Montoya and another co-worker, huddled in what the pharmacy team calls the counseling room, dialed 911. But as gunshots boomed just outside the door, Ms. Montoya decided she had a more urgent call to make. “I hung up and called my parents instead,” she said. “I wanted to hear their voice, for them to hear my voice in case it was the last time. I just told them I loved them and I had to go.” Ms. Montoya heard the shooter yelling something indistinct as she hid in the counseling room, then the blare of a police loudspeaker as officers ordered him to surrender. Ms. Montoya recalls him saying, “I surrender. I’m naked.” As they waited to be rescued, she got on the phone with her boyfriend, and he narrated the chaotic scene outside — officers rushing to the building, SWAT units descending on the roof. Eventually, the police cleared the supermarket of threats and led Ms. Montoya and her colleagues through the bloody aisles and out of the building, urging them to avert their eyes. But not far from the cash registers at the entrance, Ms. Montoya said she recognized the body of a co-worker, a head clerk who had regularly visited the stressed-out pharmacy workers throughout the pandemic to check in. Her co-worker, whom she declined to name, had just gotten vaccinated and was excited about plans to get a new tattoo. A professional runner, Ms. Montoya had moved to Boulder for its active running scene and world-class trails. But on Tuesday, her father was flying into Colorado to help her gather some things and leave so she could be with her family. She said she spent the past hours replaying again and again the bloodshed she saw inside the store. “Just reliving,” she said. The diverging efforts reflect the national checkerboard of state-by-state gun laws that align with the partisan tilt of each state, while Congress has not addressed gun violence with meaningful legislation since 1994, when a 10-year ban on assault weapons was included in the crime bill championed by now-President Biden. Since the 2012 massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut killed 20 first-grade students and six adults, 13 states, all controlled by Democrats, have enacted or expanded background checks for new gun purchases. Meanwhile, 14 states, all controlled by Republicans, have passed laws allowing their citizens to carry guns with no permit process at all, as the Iowa legislation would do. The political divide on gun policy across the states is another example of the way national issues — including abortion rights and, in the post-Trump era, voting rights — are defining local politics. Ahmad Al Aliwi Alissa, the man accused of killing 10 people in a grocery store attack in Colorado, had a history of angry outbursts, according to police records and people who knew him, including one that resulted in a misdemeanor assault conviction when he was still in high school. According to a police affidavit, just a week ago, he bought a Ruger AR-556 pistol — essentially a shortened version of an AR-15 semiautomatic rifle. On Monday, law enforcement officials say, Mr. Alissa, 21, who lived in Arvada, Colo., went to a King Soopers store in nearby Boulder and killed 10 people. When he was a senior at Arvada West High School, he beat up another student during a class, leading to the assault conviction; a fellow student said he flew into a rage “out of nowhere.” A police report from the November 2017 incident said he “got up in classroom, walked over to victim & ‘cold cocked’ him in the head,” knocking him to the floor, and then “punched him in head several more times.” The report said Mr. Alissa stated that the other student had “made fun of him and called him racial names weeks earlier.” Others also recalled examples of Mr. Alissa’s temper, sometimes in response to slights. Mr. Alissa, a wrestler, had friends in high school, but also had an anger problem, said a classmate, Brooke Campbell, who was the wrestling team manager. “When he’d lose wrestling matches, when it’s something not that important, he’d get too angry,” she said. “It’s scary, you know, looking back, that you knew someone that was capable of those things, or is now,” Ms. Campbell said of the shooting. The police affidavit, released on Tuesday, said Mr. Alissa bought the Ruger firearm on March 16, and that his brother’s girlfriend saw him playing with what she thought looked like a machine gun just two days before the shooting. The authorities have said he had a rifle and a pistol with him during the assault, but it is not clear if one of those weapons was the Ruger bought last week. He was charged on Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder, which in Colorado carries a penalty of death or life in prison without parole. Officials have not suggested a motive for the crime. Michael Dougherty, the Boulder County district attorney, said the suspect had “lived most of his life in the United States.” Both the suspect’s criminal record and a Facebook page that appeared to belong to him say he was born in Syria in 1999. The police affidavit described Mr. Alissa as standing 5 feet 6 inches tall and weighing 200 pounds. That is far more than the 140 pounds listed from his arrest in November 2017, when he was a high school senior; a few months later he was found guilty of third-degree assault, and sentenced to probation and community service. Mr. Alissa apparently had a serious interest in martial arts. The Facebook page listed wrestling and kickboxing as being among his interests, and many of the posts were about martial arts. One Facebook post, in 2019, said simply, “#NeedAGirlfriend.” The page said he had studied computer engineering at Metropolitan State University of Denver, but a university spokesman, Timothy Carroll, said the suspect “is not nor has ever been an MSU Denver student.” The Facebook page was taken down within an hour of Mr. Alissa’s name being released by the authorities. The suspect’s identity was known to the F.B.I. because he was linked to another individual under investigation by the bureau, according to law enforcement officials. The city of Boulder enacted bans on assault-style weapons and large-capacity magazines in 2018 following the school shooting in Parkland, Fla. But a state district court judge ruled this month that Boulder could not enforce the bans. Law enforcement officials said on Tuesday that the gunman who killed 10 people at the King Soopers grocery store in Boulder on Monday used an AR-15-type rifle, a kind of weapon that the city ordinances were intended to restrict. The judge rejected the city’s arguments that the home-rule provisions of the state constitution gave it the power to adopt the bans as a matter of local concern, and that they were necessary because the state did not regulate such weapons. As of last week, lawyers for the city had not said whether they planned to appeal. An appeals court found that Denver had the right to adopt reasonable gun regulations despite that law. When the decision was appealed, the State Supreme Court deadlocked 3-3 with one recusal. That left the appellate decision, and the Denver ban, in place, but it did not set a binding precedent for other cases. “They’ve experienced the worst of the worst,” said Kim Cordova, who represents more than 25,000 grocery and other workers in Colorado and Wyoming — including those at the King Sooper store that was attacked — as the president of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 7. “They’ve seen horrible behavior by customers — spitting on them, slapping them, refusing to wear masks — but they were the first to be heroes,” Ms. Cordova said. The union, U.F.C.W., which also represents meatpacking employees and other workers, said in a statement that at least four of its members in Colorado had died of Covid-19 since the pandemic began, and that at least 155 grocery workers across the country have died. Ms. Cordova said her union had pushed for more security in grocery stores as customers grew more aggressive. And while she cautioned that it was not yet clear what the motive of the gunman was, she said grocery store workers have increasingly come under threat on the job since the pandemic began. “We have seen this behavior become more aggressive and violent,” she said, “and this has really traumatized these employees.” Aug. 4, 2019: An entertainment district in Dayton, Ohio Aug. 3, 2019: A Walmart in El Paso, Texas Oct. 27, 2018: A synagogue in Pittsburgh. Feb. 14, 2018: A high school in Parkland, Fla. Nov. 5, 2017: A church in Sutherland Springs, Texas Oct. 1, 2017: A concert in Las Vegas June 12, 2016: The Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Fla. transcript “I could ask for a moment of silence for the mass shooting in Boulder last night, and after that is completed, I could ask for a moment of silence for the shooting in Atlanta six days ago. And after a minute, I could ask for a moment of silence for the 29 mass shootings that occurred this month in the United States. But in addition to a moment of silence, I would like to ask for a moment of action. Prayer leaders have their important place in this, but we are Senate leaders. What are we doing?” “Like many Americans, I cherish my right to bear arms in the dialogue about gun control. We rarely consider how many Americans are united in their advocacy and enjoyment of this right.” “America awoke today to another nightmare. Stunning, shocking, savage, but unsurprising. Inaction has made this horror completely predictable. Inaction by this Congress makes us complicit.” “And every time there’s a shooting, we play this ridiculous theater. Where this committee gets together and proposes a bunch of laws that would do nothing to stop these murders.” “In addition to a moment of silence, I would like to ask for a moment of action,” said Senator Dick Durbin, Democrat of Illinois, and the chairman of the committee. “A moment of real caring. A moment when we don’t allow others to do what we need to do. Prayer leaders have their important place in this, but we are Senate leaders. What are we doing?” But the twin pieces of legislation passed in the House have been deemed too expansive by most Republicans — only eight House Republicans voted to advance the universal background check legislation. The bills would almost certainly not muster the 60 votes needed to clear a filibuster in the Senate. Senator Chuck Grassley of Iowa, the top Republican on the panel, said in his opening remarks that he was hopeful Democrats and Republicans could work together to make “bipartisan, common-sense” progress on gun control. But he said that the House-passed legislation did not fit that bill, since the measures passed almost entirely along party lines. “That is not a good sign that all voices and all perspectives are being considered,” Mr. Grassley said. Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, went further, lashing out at Senator Richard Blumenthal, Democrat of Connecticut, who said that Republicans had offered “fig leaves” rather than actionable, significant solutions to gun control. “Every time there’s a shooting, we play this ridiculous theater where this committee gets together and proposes a bunch of laws that would do nothing to stop these murders,” Mr. Cruz said. “But what they propose — not only does it not reduce crime, it makes it worse.” The King Soopers grocery store in the Boulder, Colo., neighborhood of Table Mesa was a place that many people in the community knew well — including the state’s governor.  Others who were in the store at the time of the shooting described panic as shots rang out. “I thought I was going to die,” said Alex Arellano, 35, who was working in the store’s meat department when he heard a series of gunshots and saw people running toward an exit. Representative Joe Neguse of Colorado said mass shootings could not be the “new normal.”  “In this year of separation due to Covid, of loss and of loneliness, grocery stores like King Soopers have been one of our consistent gathering places, one of the few routine activities that we’ve continued to engage in as Coloradans and as Americans,” Mr. Neguse said. “It’s hard to describe what it means for this safe place to see a horrible tragedy like this unfold.” ",3957,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886236054,2021-03-23 07:00:00,How To Find A Reputable Enterprise SEO Company,https://www.forbes.com/sites/theyec/2021/03/23/how-to-find-a-reputable-enterprise-seo-company/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty Online marketing at the enterprise level is complex. You don’t want a rookie agency at the helm, steering your search engine optimization (SEO) strategy, do you? Nor do I. However, not all digital marketing agencies are skilled or experienced enough to handle enterprise-grade marketing pressures and responsibilities. Hiring a reputable digital agency with enterprise-specific SEO knowledge takes due diligence. This ensures that you choose a company with the experience, skill sets and technology to manage high-performing businesses well. Here are my top recommendations for finding an agency you can trust with your brand, money and reputation. What Is Enterprise SEO? Enterprise SEO is a large-scale SEO tactic for large enterprises that require specialist knowledge and long-term planning to meet multiple stakeholder objectives. Opposed to a traditional small business monthly outlook and websites — with dozens or hundreds of pages — enterprises often have website scale and legacy issues as well as corporate environments to account for when achieving long-term business goals. Large companies need to improve their organic presence amid a highly competitive landscape. This requires high-level SEO strategies such as content quality, relationship-oriented link building, crawlability and indexability that successfully drive traffic and increase revenue in a scalable way. What Does An Enterprise SEO Company Do? Besides using traditional inbound marketing tactics, enterprise SEO companies tackle more complex and advanced strategies: • Monitor analytics that track attribution and a customer journey that leads individuals down the sales funnel. • Automate campaigns, workflows, online chats, email, dynamic content and more. • Manage thousands of pages — often across multiple websites and in various languages. • Enhance brand visibility and lead growth through proper keyword targeting and strategy. • Scale. • Monitor PR and manage a company’s brand and reputation online across multiple channels and platforms. How To Find A Reputable SEO Agency Here are several must-have qualities when hiring an enterprise SEO company. Reputation, Competence And Knowledge Ask for a list of past clients to interview so you can informedly decide if the company you’re considering is right for your business. Also, look for the following information to determine how and what kind of experience they have: • Online reviews from past customers. • Blogs. • Case studies that prove experience and results. • Forums. • Podcasts or online presentations where the leadership team has been interviewed or displays expertise and competence.  A prestigious agency will remain on the cutting edge of marketing trends and techniques and invest in advanced technology for their clients. They will also have a comprehensive team of experts, including web and user experience (UX) designers, copywriters, strategists and content marketers. Communication And Transparency Look for a highly organized company that’s honest and transparent. They should answer any questions you have openly and clearly and present case studies that show successful, consistent results. There need to be clear deliverables on what you are getting from your money and you should be able to easily track the progress. It should not just be a black hole of spending with your marketing budget.  Scalability An experienced SEO firm will have the tools and team to monitor large websites, identify and fix issues as or before they occur and automate tasks to ensure efficiency. Automation will reduce the amount of labor required for monitoring and maintaining processes and workflows. Data-Oriented Without analytics, you won’t know if your SEO strategies are working. Enterprise SEO Agency Red Flags Avoid SEO companies that present the following red flags. Cheap Pricing If an agency offers packages much cheaper than other quotes, consider it a warning sign. Highly competent companies have competitive pricing because they’re confident in their services and do not cut corners. Proper SEO is labor-intensive. Promising Immediate Or Fast Content Marketing Results One-Size-Fits-All Approach  Every business is unique and requires different tactics for success. If a company asks you to choose a noncustomizable package for large projects, walk away. A good SEO company will get to know your enterprise well, understand your niche and competition, develop critical strategies to help you dominate your market, get proven results, and evolve marketing tactics over time. ",684,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886246451,2021-03-23 07:11:20,"Billionaire investor Howard Marks touts value stocks, trumpets high-quality growth stocks, and says he's open-minded about bitcoin in a new interview. Here are the 9 best quotes.",https://markets.businessinsider.com/currencies/news/howard-marks-oaktree-bullish-value-growth-stocks-open-minded-bitcoin-2021-3-1030235674,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886246268,2021-03-23 07:00:20,"20,000 White Crosses: Marking Covid’s Toll in Central and Eastern Europe",https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/world/europe/covid-czech-republic-hungary-poland.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by The crosses painted on a Prague street highlight a stark death toll in the Czech Republic as the coronavirus sweeps across the region. Send any friend a story PRAGUE — More than 20,000 white crosses have appeared painted on the cobblestones of a medieval square in central Prague, each representing a victim of Covid-19 — an effort highlighting the ravages of a pandemic that has in recent weeks battered Eastern and Central Europe. Hungary — whose far-right populist leader, Prime Minister Viktor Orban, last year boasted of his government’s response to the pandemic — is also experiencing record death rates, with over 4,000 fatalities this past month. The Czech Republic, Hungary, Serbia and other countries in the region lifted pandemic restrictions last summer after successful initial efforts to contain the virus. But with cases and deaths climbing in recent weeks, they are now scrambling to reverse the damage. Hungary and Slovakia, both members of the European Union, are seeking help in Russia’s Sputnik V vaccine, even though it has not yet been approved by the bloc’s regulators. Hungary has also started using a Chinese-made vaccine that has not been approved in the European Union. Serbia, which is not a member of the bloc, has purchased millions of vaccine doses from Russia and China, as well as from Western companies. A big cause of the spiking infection rates is a more contagious virus variant that was first identified in Britain in December and has since spread rapidly in the Czech Republic, Poland and elsewhere in Eastern and Central Europe. Poland on Saturday ordered the closing of hotels and shops, other than food stores, until further notice after a surge in infections, at least 60 percent of which are the variant first detected in Britain. Deeply polarized politics across the region have hampered countries’ responses to the pandemic, with parties that are out of power — whether pro-Western liberals or right-wing populists — or junior partners in shaky coalitions routinely attacking whatever their rivals in government do. Antigovernment protesters in Serbia have staged small demonstrations over the weekend closing of restaurants and bars, and public health experts in Hungary have complained about the Orban government’s inconsistent response to the pandemic. In Slovakia, a decision to import vaccines from Russia pushed a coalition government to the brink of collapse early this month after a rift among lawmakers over the move. Slovakia’s per capita coronavirus death rate is twice that of France and just behind that of the Czech Republic. The painted crosses that appeared on Monday in Old Town Square in Prague, the Czech capital, were the work of A Million Moments for Democracy, a group of activists who oppose Prime Minister Andrej Babis and have organized large street protests against him. The crosses, numbering more than 20,000, represented the nearly 25,000 people who have died from the virus in the country — a huge number in a nation with a population of about 10 million. The Czech Republic, like Slovakia, is bitterly split over Russia’s Sputnik V vaccine. Although published data indicates that it has an efficacy rate of more than 90 percent, critics of Moscow in Europe see it as a “tool of hybrid war” that is being deployed to divide the West. The Czech president, Milos Zeman, long known for pro-Kremlin views, said last month that he had asked President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia to arrange deliveries of Sputnik to his country. When the Czech health ministry balked at the idea, Mr. Zeman demanded, without success, that the minister be fired. After a three-week lockdown with shops and schools closed, obligatory testing of employees by companies and restrictions on movement, the number of Covid-10 patients entering hospital has started to drop. That has slowly eased the burden on hospitals that were last month at the limit of their capacity, and Czech hospitals now report that 12 percent of beds in their intensive care unit are unoccupied. Petr Smejkal, the chief epidemiologist at Prague’s Institute of Clinical and Experimental Medicine, blamed what he described as a series of misjudgments by the authorities for his country’s bleak record. “Firstly, we missed the beginning of the second wave and failed to contain the surge of infections at the end of the summer,” he said. “Secondly, we relaxed restrictions before Christmas, and thirdly, we insufficiently tracked the British mutation at the beginning of January.” “Sadly, the government did not listen to its experts,” he added. The Hungarian government had been particularly resistant to the advice of experts who called for greater vigilance in response to the crisis. It has instead sought public opinion on the issue of reopening via an online questionnaire. Some municipalities have urged Hungary’s government to allow them to set up vaccination points to expedite the process, but have been rebuffed. Critics say Mr. Orban’s government wants all of the praise for getting vaccines to people, even if that means slower inoculations in towns and cities — some of which, like Budapest, the capital, are controlled by the opposition. “There is utter chaos in the administering of shots and providing documentation,” said Budapest’s mayor, Gergely Karacsony, an opposition politician widely seen as a potential candidate for prime minister in 2022. “Obviously, it would be much more effective to involve the municipalities” in the vaccine rollout, Mr. Karacsony said. “But they won’t do it, because they don’t want the opposition to capitalize on it.” Advertisement ",908,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886236051,2021-03-23 07:00:00,Eight Ways To Maximize Authority And Stand Apart From The Competition,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinessdevelopmentcouncil/2021/03/23/eight-ways-to-maximize-authority-and-stand-apart-from-the-competition/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty Showcase Your Years In Business  If your business has been serving customers for a long time, including “Serving customers since 1977” can go a very long way in demonstrating that you’ve made it and have been around for decades. You obviously know what you’re doing. But not all businesses have been along for decades or longer. Display Honors And Awards  Honors like the Inc. 500, Inc. 5000 and other business lists can lend credibility to your business. Inc. 500/5000 lists, for example, are based at least partly on revenue generated over several years that shows a significant growth trajectory. Only those businesses that meet those standards are considered. If selected, you can pay a fee to access badges and other symbols to post on marketing materials and websites to signal your businesses’ credibility.  Gather Testimonials When your customers rave about you, it speaks volumes to prospects. The more authentic the testimonial, the better. Video testimonials and user-generated content are huge right now because they allow your prospects to see, hear and relate to your customers. Express Thought Leadership If you’re a leader in your industry, writing a book or getting published can lend credibility to a business. Imagine visiting a website and seeing “ACME Service founded by best-selling author John Doe.” Getting published is another signal to prospects that you stand above the rest. Showcase Your Impressive Client list  Already have an impressive list of clients? Display their logos on your marketing materials, in case studies and on your website. When prospects see that other businesses are doing business with you, it lowers the overall risk and hesitation they may feel about doing business with an unknown company. Be sure that if you use client logos, you have the permission of each company to do so. Exhibit Stellar Ratings And Reviews  Ratings and review sites like Trustpilot and Google Reviews and even the Better Business Bureau provide deep insight into the nitty-gritty of a company. What are customers raving about? What are customers complaining about? How did the company handle both the compliments and the criticisms? Be aware of fake review sites that are merely advertising engines for brand awareness. If the business featured had to pay to appear on that site, you might want to dig further. Create Compelling Case Studies  A great way to demonstrate that you know how to solve problems and do a job well is to document case studies in a clear and succinct manner. Focus on a common problem, industry or topic and demonstrate how your company solved a problem for your customers. Proudly Display Designations, Licenses And Certifications You’ve Earned If you have a special certificate, license, degree or other designation, be sure to display it where appropriate. Whether that’s on a business card or your LinkedIn profile, tell people what makes you special and what you bring to the table. ",485,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886235857,2021-03-23 06:01:00,Rabbitt: Teaching Students in Person and Online at the Same Time Is a Huge Challenge. 4 Ways  to Bridge the Home-Classroom Gap,https://news.yahoo.com/rabbitt-teaching-students-person-online-100100755.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"Rarely will this mean that two cohorts working across contexts (distance and non) should be engaging for an entire day — or even an entire lesson — at the same time. Yet, right now, that’s the model many schools employ, and having at least some learners participate remotely in a concurrent manner, online and in-person, will likely be part of the solution for the near future for a few important reasons. On the learning side, educators managing hybrid cohorts report challenges keeping the full class connected together as a unit, an essential task when students can finally come back together as one. From an innovation standpoint, many school systems are now also thinking about how to accommodate virtual learning, either in full or as a way to offer independent learning and flexibility. We need to figure out how to consistently build culture and relationships across all learners, whether online or off, to ease transitions and ensure online students remain connected to their broader community. Engagement strategies need to cross the virtual divide. Finding ways for learners online to buddy up with in-person classmates, to work together through technology and to connect more deeply as people can help keep the whole class participating together. Educators need to constantly ask, “How am I building a sense of community and group engagement?” Online learners are more likely to have trouble persevering through challenges and often need to exert significant self-direction. Consider how offering choices, giving students the chances to pursue interests and work at their own pace (or with selected peers) can help them find motivation and make tasks more personally relevant. Figuring out how to get simultaneous learning right is critical right now. As we explore the future of school innovation and test the bounds of how and where learning happens, assuming we do it effectively, learning together how to work together across boundaries will be a critical tool for teachers to meet the needs of every student. Beth Rabbitt, Ed.L.D., is CEO of The Learning Accelerator, a national nonprofit that connects teachers and leaders with the knowledge, tools, and networks they need to enact personalized and mastery-based practices to transform K-12 education. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? A look for the history books. Chelsea Clinton was congratulated by her parents, former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, at the finish line Here are some player grades from the Golden State Warriors' win over the Atlanta Hawks, including a grade from Steph Curry's 50-point night. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family “Some describe true friends as choosing your own family. I say it’s more like choosing your own army.” Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? ",793,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886246264,2021-03-23 07:01:38,"They had mild Covid, until serious neurological symptoms began.",https://www.nytimes.com/live/2021/03/23/world/covid-vaccine-coronavirus-cases/they-had-mild-covid-until-serious-neurological-symptoms-began,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by Send any friend a story In the fall, after Samar Khan came down with a mild case of Covid-19, she expected to recover and return to her previous energetic life in Chicago. She was 25 and healthy. But weeks later, she said, “this weird constellation of symptoms began to set in.” She had blurred vision encircled with halos. She had ringing in her ears, and everything began to smell like cigarettes or Lysol. One leg started to tingle, and her hands would tremble while she was putting on eyeliner. She also developed “really intense brain fog,” she said. Trying to concentrate on a call for her job in financial services, she felt as if she had come out of anesthesia. By the end of the year, Ms. Khan was referred to a special clinic for Covid-related neurological symptoms at Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago, which has been evaluating and counseling hundreds of people with similar problems. “We are seeing people who are really highly, highly functional individuals, used to multitasking all the time and being on top of their game, but, all of a sudden, it’s really a struggle for them,” said Dr. Igor J. Koralnik, the chief of neuro-infectious diseases and global neurology at Northwestern Medicine, who oversees the clinic and is the senior author of the study. Advertisement ",224,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886236044,2021-03-23 07:00:00,How NVIDIA And VMware Aim To Make Enterprise AI Easier With Joint Solutions,https://www.forbes.com/sites/maribellopez/2021/03/23/how-nvidia-and-vmware-aim-to-make-enterprise-ai-easier-with-joint-solutions/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"AI impacts every industry Best-in-class companies are data-driven with insights that are increasingly AI-powered. Effectively competing in this new world requires application modernization and AI adoption. Neither task is easy. Organizations spend too much time designing and maintaining the infrastructure to support applications and AI. Companies need to spend more time creating new employee workflows, products and customer experiences to succeed in a highly competitive environment. Technology vendors play a crucial role in helping or hindering organizational transformation. Last year, NVIDIA and VMware discussed how they were creating an AI-Ready Enterprise platform. This month NVIDIA and VMware announced the platform has entered general availability. As part of the partnership: NVIDIA's AI Enterprise software stack is certified and optimized to work with VMware's vSphere Why does it matter?  A set of predefined solutions, like what NVIDIA and VMware offered, simplify infrastructure purchases by helping IT leaders understand what products work together and what combination of components need to be purchased to run AI in their data centers. Everyone knows AI talent commands a premium. Rather than hiring specific talent to deploy and support AI-specific infrastructure, a certified solution allows companies to manage systems with existing core IT teams.  The software stack provides foundational elements that help companies bootstrap efforts. For example, an organization can use its data with NVIDIA pre-trained AI vision models and transfer learning to compress its training cycle down to approximately eight weeks.  In the past, this process could have taken up to 80 weeks as an organization installed new infrastructure, hired new AI research talent, and created its deep learning model.   Additionally, a multiple instance GPU infrastructure provides new levels of AI workload flexibility for VMware customers. NVIDIA announced a new architecture called the A100 that offers a multi-instance GPU last May. The NVIDIA-VMware solution fully exposes the A100 multi-instance GPU functionality to the vCenter control plane. The solution enables an organization to have seven virtual machines (VMs) share one piece of hardware in a secure and isolated way with guaranteed quality of service and response. It also offers the ability for the company to reaggregate the infrastructure into one big GPU for training performance.  Let's look at what that means in action. For example, a financial firm running production AI models for credit card fraud detection could use a multi-instance GPU to scale inferencing to meet peak demand. During the evening, when the demand drops, the company can re-aggregate the multiple multi-instance GPU instances into a single GPU to run AI model training workloads at night. Effectively, it allows a company to use the same infrastructure for training and inference by changing the profile of how it uses the GPU throughout the day. Overall, it's clear that AI will transform every industry and we're just at the beginning of integrating this insight into enterprise applications. Companies need technology solutions that can speed the pace of deployment, help IT leaders add new insights into applications and create new products. It's good to see new products and collaborations coming to market to support this. ",506,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886235820,2021-03-23 06:20:15,"Rep. Matt Gaetz: Gov. DeSantis regrets ""even one day"" of Florida lockdown",https://news.yahoo.com/rep-matt-gaetz-gov-desantis-102015135.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"So hesitant, in fact, that DeSantis allegedly told U.S. Rep. Matt Gaetz, a fellow Trump ally, that he’d do just one thing differently if he could have a re-do. ""He told me,"" Gaetz said, ""that his biggest regret as governor is that we ever locked down for even one day."" What they're saying: ""It could have potentially gone very wrong,"" said Brian Ballard, the powerful Trump-tied lobbyist. ""He made the right decisions,"" said Christian Ziegler, the vice chairman of the state GOP. U.S. Democratic Rep. Charlie Crist called DeSantis’ pandemic response ""horrific"" and ""immoral."" ""I like how now he’s taking credit for how well the state did while it was really local governments and mayors that put orders in place that kept our residents safe,"" St. Petersburg Mayor Rick Kriseman said. In Florida, that number is 32,741 and climbing. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? A look for the history books. Chelsea Clinton was congratulated by her parents, former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, at the finish line Here are some player grades from the Golden State Warriors' win over the Atlanta Hawks, including a grade from Steph Curry's 50-point night. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family “Some describe true friends as choosing your own family. I say it’s more like choosing your own army.” Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? ",571,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886253192,2021-03-23 07:15:52,Live updates: Biden to mark 11th anniversary of Affordable Care Act with trip to Ohio hospital,https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2021/03/23/joe-biden-live-updates/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_politics,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"Shootings spur Biden to call for tighter gun rules Analysis: Sen. Cruz’s pushback on gun restrictions epitomizes high hurdles Biden lengthens Affordable Care Act insurance sign-ups until mid-August Duckworth says it’s unacceptable that there are no Asian Americans or Pacific Islanders among Biden’s Cabinet secretaries Biden administration calls North Korean missile tests predictable pattern by Pyongyang Former top prosecutor in Capitol riot case faces internal review after ‘60 Minutes’ interview Biden tours Ohio cancer hospital ahead of remarks on Affordable Care Act anniversary McConnell incorrectly says filibuster has ‘no racial history at all’   Republicans sound early note of opposition against $3 trillion White House infrastructure plan Schumer says Senate Democrats will meet this week to discuss gun control legislation Senate confirms Shalanda Young as deputy budget director White House press secretary says Biden weighing executive actions on gun control Nearly 200 businesses urge Congress to pass paid family leave Biden calls for assault weapons ban, other gun safety laws in wake of Boulder shooting Obama says it’s ‘long past time’ for action on ‘epidemic’ of gun violence Shootings spur Biden to call for tighter gun rules Analysis: Sen. Cruz’s pushback on gun restrictions epitomizes high hurdles Biden lengthens Affordable Care Act insurance sign-ups until mid-August Duckworth says it’s unacceptable that there are no Asian Americans or Pacific Islanders among Biden’s Cabinet secretaries Biden administration calls North Korean missile tests predictable pattern by Pyongyang Former top prosecutor in Capitol riot case faces internal review after ‘60 Minutes’ interview Biden tours Ohio cancer hospital ahead of remarks on Affordable Care Act anniversary McConnell incorrectly says filibuster has ‘no racial history at all’   Republicans sound early note of opposition against $3 trillion White House infrastructure plan Schumer says Senate Democrats will meet this week to discuss gun control legislation Senate confirms Shalanda Young as deputy budget director White House press secretary says Biden weighing executive actions on gun control Nearly 200 businesses urge Congress to pass paid family leave Biden calls for assault weapons ban, other gun safety laws in wake of Boulder shooting Obama says it’s ‘long past time’ for action on ‘epidemic’ of gun violence President Biden marked the 11th anniversary of the Affordable Care Act on Tuesday with the announcement that he is extending to Aug. 15 the deadline for Americans to sign up for coverage. Speaking at a hospital in Columbus, Ohio, he said the law not only must be protected but improved, and “our government can fulfill its most essential purpose to care for and protect the American people.” Before he left the White House, Biden lamented the mass shooting at a Boulder, Colo., grocery store that left 10 people dead, saying that “another American city has been scarred by gun violence and the resulting trauma.” He called on the Senate to pass two gun sale background-check bills already approved by the House and for Congress to reenact an assault-weapons ban. Here’s what to know: Biden on Tuesday called for tightening the nation’s gun laws, plunging him into an impassioned debate that he largely tiptoed around until it erupted anew after two mass shootings. But Biden and Democratic leaders tempered their push for swift action with some doubt about their ability to enact new restrictions, even with party control of the White House and Congress, underlining the political volatility that has long surrounded efforts to overhaul gun laws. In many ways, it seems lawmakers have given up even pretending that might be the case. “Every time there’s a shooting, we play this ridiculous theater where this committee gets together and proposes a bunch of laws that would do nothing to stop these murders,” Cruz said. Biden announced Tuesday that the federal insurance marketplace will remain open for consumers to buy Affordable Care Act health plans through mid-August, doubling the length of an unprecedented extra enrollment period that launched last month. Speaking at a cancer hospital and research institute at Ohio State University, Biden made the announcement as part of a recognition of the ACA’s 11th anniversary. The sprawling health-care law has helped more than 20 million Americans gain coverage through marketplace health plans and Medicaid, and it has altered many other aspects of the U.S. health-care system, even as it has remained a target of vehement Republican opposition. “We have a duty not just to protect it but to make it better,” the president said before an audience that included oncologists and cancer researchers. Sen. Tammy Duckworth (D-Ill.) sharply criticized President Biden on Tuesday over the lack of any Asian American or Pacific Islander members in his Cabinet, telling reporters that she plans to oppose many of Biden’s future nominees until the White House addresses the issue. Duckworth said that over the past six months she has repeatedly offered the White House the names of “many well-qualified AAPIs” for Cabinet positions, but those individuals “never even got a phone call,” she said. “At this point … they can call me and tell me what the proposal is,” Duckworth said of the White House. “But until then, I am a no vote on the floor on all non-diversity nominees. You know, I will vote for racial minorities and I will vote for LGBTQ. But anybody else, I’m not voting for.” All 15 of Biden’s Cabinet secretary slots have now been filled, and there are no Asian Americans or Pacific Islanders among them. Sen. Mazie Hirono (D-Hawaii) told reporters that she spoke with the White House on Monday night and is joining Duckworth in her push for AAPI representation in Biden’s Cabinet. “I talked with Tammy about her clarified position, and I’m joining her in there, which means that we would like to have a commitment from the White House that there’ll be more diversity representation in the Cabinet, and in senior White House positions,” Hirono told reporters Tuesday. “And until that happens, we will be able to join her in voting no on non-diversity nominees. I think that is a reasonable position.” Biden was asked about Duckworth and Hirono’s comments in a brief exchange with reporters before he left Ohio to return to Washington on Tuesday night. “We have the most diverse Cabinet in history,” Biden said. “We have a lot of Asian Americans that are in the Cabinet and in sub-Cabinet levels.” “Although you promised to build the most diverse Cabinet in history, AAPIs have so far been excluded from the 15 Cabinet Secretary slots that oversee executive departments and are responsible for shaping and implementing your Administration’s policies,” the lawmakers stated in the joint letter. Duckworth was among the signatories. In her remarks to reporters Tuesday, Duckworth said that when she has raised the issue with the White House, she has been told multiple times that Biden’s selection of Kamala D. Harris as vice president is sufficient. “To be told that, ‘Well, you have Kamala D. Harris. We’re very proud of her. You don’t need anybody else,’ is insulting,” Duckworth said. “Last night that was the trigger for me. But multiple times I’ve heard that.” “And that is not something you would say to the Black Caucus: ‘Well, you have Kamala. We’re not going to put any more African Americans in the Cabinet, because you have Kamala,’” Duckworth added. “Why would you say it to AAPI?” Amy B Wang and Seung Min Kim contributed to this report. The Biden administration on Tuesday played down recent missile tests conducted by North Korea, calling them part of a predictable pattern from Pyongyang. U.S. officials who briefed reporters Tuesday evening did not provide details of the launches, including whether U.S. intelligence agencies have pinpointed the type of weapon used. White House national security adviser Jake Sullivan will meet with his counterparts from South Korea and Japan next week, the U.S. officials said. The officials spoke on the condition of anonymity to preview that meeting, which coincides with the planned conclusion of a U.S. policy review on North Korea. They gave no indication that the United States plans a specific response, although the tests violate United Nations Security Council resolutions. The tests over the weekend were most likely a provocation to the new U.S. administration, and the understated response appears calculated to deny North Korean leader Kim Jong Un the satisfaction of U.S. outrage. “We are also aware of military activity last weekend by the DPRK that is not sanctioned under U.N. Security Council resolutions restricting the ballistic missile program,” one official said, using the acronym for North Korea’s official name, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. “While we take all of the military activity seriously and will continue to consult closely with partners and allies, we see this action in the category of normal activity,” the official said. “North Korea has a familiar menu of provocations when it wants to send a message to a U.S. administration,” the official said, adding that the tests were “on the low end of that spectrum.” Kim agreed to suspend missile tests during negotiations with the Trump administration over its nuclear program, which did not produce any reduction in the North Korean arsenal. Justice Department prosecutors have initiated an internal review of the former interim U.S. attorney for Washington, D.C., over comments he made recently on “60 Minutes” about possible future charges in the ongoing Capitol riot investigation ­— remarks a federal judge warned Tuesday threaten the fair trial rights of some of the accused rioters. U.S. District Judge Amit P. Mehta called a surprise hearing Tuesday on a six-hour notice to discuss his concerns that comments by Michael Sherwin aired Sunday and a separate article published Monday by the New York Times indicated the Justice Department was not following the court’s rules or the agency’s internal procedures. The internal review and the judge’s anger are an ominous development for Justice Department officials trying to oversee one of the largest criminal investigations in U.S. history, in which more than 300 defendants have already been charged and 100 more are expected to be. President Biden on Tuesday toured the James Cancer Hospital and Solove Research Institute in Columbus, Ohio, where he discussed his experience with his son Beau’s battle with glioblastoma and viewed radiation equipment that was funded by grants through the Affordable Care Act. “This is a war on cancer, and you’re our commander in chief,” Arnab Chakravarti, the chair of the hospital’s radiology and oncology department, told Biden during the tour. Biden, wearing a black mask, listened with his arms crossed. Biden’s tour of the cancer hospital Tuesday came shortly before he was to deliver an address marking the 11th anniversary of the enactment of the Affordable Care Act. At one point during the tour, Chakravarti talked about the “bell of hope” that honors cancer patients. “Unfortunately, I’m pretty familiar with the bell,” Biden responded. He told Chakravarti that his “only regret” when he declined to run for president in 2016 was that “I wasn’t going to be the president that was going to preside … over the end of cancer as we know it.” Biden also later said that one of his regrets when he ran for the presidency in 2020 was that he had to give up work on the Biden Cancer Initiative and could no longer raise money for it. Asked by a reporter whether seeing the technological advances in cancer treatment made him hopeful, Biden replied, “It’s mostly hopeful, because I don’t want to see anybody go through what my son did.” “It is something. … These guys are on the edge of so many things,” Biden said, referring to cancer researchers. “Think about it. Jimmy Carter was declared basically gone like, five times.” A moment later, he stopped himself and said, “Anyway, I’m talking too much.” Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), who has repeatedly defended the filibuster, said Tuesday that the obstructionist practice has no racial history. In fact, Sen. Strom Thurmond (S.C.), then a Democrat but a Republican from 1964 onward, spoke for 24 hours and 18 minutes in his filibuster to stop passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1957, which was to protect the right of Black Americans to vote. In the 1920s and 1930s, Southern Democratic senators filibustered anti-lynching bills. “It has no racial history at all,” McConnell told reporters. “None. There’s no dispute among historians about that.” His office later sought to clarify, saying McConnell was referring to the origins of the filibuster. McConnell has warned Democrats against eliminating the filibuster, the parliamentary procedure to prevent action on legislation unless it has 60 votes. In the evenly divided Senate, a number of Democrats have pushed for changing the rules or scrapping the filibuster to move ahead on House-passed bills on voting rights, gun control, immigration and other measures. Congressional Republicans on Tuesday sounded off in early opposition to Biden’s still-forming plans to push a roughly $3 trillion infrastructure and social welfare reform package, signaling a tough political slog on the horizon for Democrats hoping to deliver the White House another legislative win. Senate Majority Leader Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) said Tuesday that Democrats in the chamber will meet this week to discuss their next steps on gun control legislation in the wake of this month’s mass shootings in Atlanta and Boulder. At an afternoon news conference, Schumer also said that flags at the Capitol are being lowered to half-staff in honor of the Colorado victims. “We will put these bills on the floor. I have said that, and it will happen,” Schumer said, referring to gun control legislation. He noted that he will meet with Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.), a leading voice on gun violence, and other Senate Democrats this week to determine “the best path forward.” Schumer has said there will be votes on background check legislation that has already passed the House. But he declined to answer several questions on what other legislation Democrats are likely to put forward. Sen. Richard J. Durbin (D-Ill.), meanwhile, took aim at Sen. Ted Cruz’s (R-Tex.) comments earlier Tuesday that Democrats are playing “ridiculous theater” in the wake of the mass shootings. “Theater? Theater is a departure from reality,” Durbin said, arguing that Democrats are grappling with reality and that his committee, the Senate Judiciary Committee, has the authority to progress legislation that will make Americans safer. “Enough thoughts and prayers,” Durbin said. “Now let’s do something.” The Senate on Tuesday voted to confirm Shalanda Young as deputy director of the White House Office of Management Budget. The vote was 63-to-37. Senators of both parties have pushed Biden to elevate Young, a longtime congressional appropriations staffer, to the position of director of the White House budget office. Biden has not yet announced his pick to lead OMB. The White House was forced to abandon its first choice for OMB director, Neera Tanden, following bipartisan criticism of her record and personal attacks against lawmakers on Twitter. White House press secretary Jen Psaki told reporters aboard Air Force One on Tuesday that Young will serve as acting director. Strong initial GOP support for Young eroded as several Republicans were concerned about her written answers to questions about her position on removing the Hyde amendment from federal law. The decades-old Hyde amendment prohibits federal dollars for abortions with some limited exceptions such as rape and incest. Sen. Rob Portman (R-Ohio), who served as OMB director in the George W. Bush administration, said he had planned to support Young, but ""in reviewing her answers to the committee’s questions … I was really troubled by her responses, particularly her strong advocacy for eliminating the Hyde amendment.” Among those voting against her nomination were Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) and Sen. Mitt Romney (R-Utah). Young, who served as staff director for Democrats on the House Appropriations Committee, did receive a much more positive reception than Tanden. But the administration faces competing pressures about the slot. Black lawmakers, Democratic leadership, and numerous congressional Republicans have pushed Young as a qualified candidate with a track record of working across the aisle. However, Asian American groups have expressed frustration about the lack of representation in senior positions in the Biden administration. They have pushed for Nani Coloretti, former deputy secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development during the Obama administration. White House press secretary Jen Psaki said Tuesday that Biden is considering taking executive action on gun control in the wake of the Colorado shootings as well as seeking to work with Congress to strengthen background checks and reenact an assault weapons ban. Speaking to reporter on Air Force One as Biden traveled to Ohio, Psaki also said that Biden has spoken to Colorado Gov. Jared Polis (D) to offer condolences for the 10 lives lost. “Putting in place common-sense gun safety measures has been a passion of the president’s since he was in the Senate,” Psaki said. “This will continue to be an issue that he is focused on day in and day out in this administration.” While stressing that Biden wants to work with Congress, Psaki also did not rule out the president taking action on his own, though she did not specify what those might be. “We are considering a range of levers, including working through legislation, including executive action … that has been under discussion and will continue to be under discussion,” she said. “The way that [Biden] sees it is that there a number of levers that any president of the United States can use.” Psaki said she had nothing to share yet about whether Biden plans to visit Boulder, Colo. It’s unclear how much support Biden can obtain from Senate Republicans on passing background-check legislation. Speaking to reporters Tuesday, Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) reiterated that he doesn’t support legislation previously passed by the House, and noted that one key Democrat, Sen. Joe Manchin III (D-W.Va.), is opposed, as well. Annie Sartor, a senior director at the advocacy group PL+US (Paid Leave for the United States), said the pandemic may have helped turn the tide of public opinion — and shift political will — to address the need for additional protections for workers. Biden, on yet one more occasion in his long career, offered his condolences to the victims’ families and the survivors of a mass shooting and called for Congress to pass not only universal background check laws but a ban on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. The president spoke of Officer Eric Talley, the police officer who died responding to the shooting at a grocery store in Boulder, Colo., saying that when he left home yesterday morning, he “thought he’d be coming home to his family and his seven children.” Biden said he didn’t need to wait to learn about what weapons were used or what the gunman’s motives were to call for Congress to pass new gun control laws, including a renewal of an assault weapons ban that passed in 1994 and expired in 2004. “I don’t need to wait another minute, let alone an hour, to take common-sense steps or save the lives in the future and urge my colleagues in the House and Senate to act,” Biden said. “We can ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines in this country.” “This is not, it should not be a partisan issue. This is an American issue. It will save lives, American lives. And we have to act,” he said. The latest Biden gets his ‘infrastructure week,’ crossing another goal off Trump’s to-do list After months of setbacks, Biden finally gets long-sought win on infrastructure Biden’s border woes expose White House divisions as centrists assert more control ",3260,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886236039,2021-03-23 07:00:00,"Masks On, Worries Off At Paradise In Jamaica",https://www.forbes.com/sites/margiegoldsmith/2021/03/23/masks-on-worries-off-at-paradise-in-jamaica/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Sunset at Half Moon, Montego Bay Eclipse accomodations at Half Moon, Montego Bay At first I’d been hesitant about going – you need proof of a covid shot three days before scheduled arrival and a Travel Authorization Form (filled out no more than five days before arrival). It sounded complicated, but the Authorization Form was simple enough to do online and you could print it out or show it to them on your phone. There were sanitizers everywhere, both at JFK and at the Montego Bay Airport. The moment I arrived at Half Moon, they took my temperature. (They would have done the same for Prince Harry who once stayed here). You were required to sanitize your hands at each restaurant, and masks were mandatory except for eating and drinking. Prestigious Ocean Room at Half Moon, Montego Bay All the staff wore masks as well, which was sad because Jamaicans are known for their big smiles. Still, the porter’s eyes were smiling as he led me to my ocean-facing Eclipse accommodation (95% of all rooms at Half Moon are ocean-facing) with an expansive L-shaped terrace overlooking the beach and sea everywhere from my soaking tub and shower all the way around to the  hammock. plushy couch, and outdoor dining table on the terrace. Robert Trent Jones Sr. Golf Course at Half Moon, Montego Bay Lap Pool at Half Moon, Montego Bay Half Moon has – I kid you not — 47 pools including an Olympic-distance lap pool which leads to two hot tubs and a swim-up bar. There’s also a huge infinity pool right off the beach and watersports including, snorkeling, Scuba diving, Hobie cats, windsurfers, and paddle-boards. Chris Blackwell (former head of Islands Records and producer of Jimmy Cliff and Bob Marley among others) used to be the watersports instructor here.  For lunch, I chose a table ten steps from the beach: Spiny Jamaican lobster roll with chilled lobster salad slathered on a freshly-baked roll. Because I was on vacation, I allowed myself dessert: freshly made rum-raisin ice-cream with real raisins and rum. When I asked if the rum was real, my waiter brought out a bottle of 63% proof Wray & Nephew white rum and said, “If I give you some right now I would have to give you three espressos just to get you walking again.” Lobster roll  After lunch, I changed and walked the 20 steps from my front door to the beach. The moment I chosen a lounge chair, an attendant arrived and tucked two towels into the lounger and rolled up a third towel for my feet. I dipped my toe into the turquoise blue water of the Caribbean Sea, dove in and swam past the turquoise to the darker azure water. Green sea grasses swayed on the sandy bottom and small fish darted by. When I returned to my lounger, an attendant handed me an iced washcloth. Shortly after, another attendant arrived and handed me a mini smoothie with the flavor of the day which today was  strawberry and mango. A waitress walked past with three Japanese steamer baskets, the resort’s method of serving lunch on the beach. I lay there hypnotized by the sound of the palm trees swaying in the slight breeze and the sea lapping peacefully to shore.   A little before sunset I showered with the giant-sized bath products which smelled of fragrant lemongrass. It was a little past 6pm so I biked to the west side of the beach and watched the sun sink into the sea. One of the things I loved best about Half Moon was that you could see sunset at one end of the beach and sunrise at the other end.  Still hypnotized by the golden swatch cutting through the water, I headed to beach-side Delmare, the resort’s Italian seafood restaurant presided over by Italian Chef Claudio Facchinetti. For starters, I chose Octopus beetroot salad cooked in a Josper charcoal-grilled oven (which Chef Claudio explained cooked at 900 degrees Fahrenheit). For my main course, I had the freshest seabass with pepper crust and broccoli, a dish that tasted as light as an air mattress. Chef Claudio chose my dessert: melt-in-your-throat Pineapple tiramisu, a recipe which came from his mother. Ackee, the national fruit of Jamaica.  Ackee is a fruit which tastes a little like sweet corn. Saltfish is what we call codfish and is served also with boiled green bananas, steamed vegetables and fried dumplings. They aren’t Chinese dumplings: they are round balls which taste just like soft doughy Philadelphia pretzels. The green bananas were slightly sour but the waiter said I should mix them with Ackee and saltfish .The combination was delicious.  Swimming with horses at Half Moon, Montego Bay Half Moon’s Equestrian Center houses 27 horses, both rescues and thoroughbreds. Guests can choose the “Turf and Surf” experience in which you ride along the beach, then the guide removes your saddle and you swim bareback with the horse in the sea. The idea of swimming with a 1,000 pound animal landing on top of me was too scary so I chose the “Sand Stroll” ride. Sheldon, my guide, rode with me to the sand beach. “Do you mind getting your sneakers and jeans wet?” he asked. Soon we were on horseback in water up to my knees. It was exhilarating. After, I rode my bike to the Games Room to get my COVID test. (Americans must have a negative COVID result 1-3 days before returning home). Happily, at Half-Moon they give you results instantly). Jerk Chicken in Jamaica No visit to Jamaica would be complete without trying Jerk chicken, Jamaica’s national dish. It is marinated in jalapeño, green onions and honey, then grilled. My chicken was delicious and so tender the meat fell off the bone. Served with fried plantains and “festival,” a delicious bread made of flour and salt, I washed it down with Jamaican Red Stripe beer. For dessert I tried the mouth-watering sinful rum and raisin cheesecake.  Spa Pool at Fern Tree Spa, Half Moon, Montego Bay It was time for a treatment at the Fern Tree Spa, a 65,000-square-foot sanctuary of flowers and waterfalls and serene pools with the fragrant scent of lemongrass wafting everywhere. My treatment was a hot stone massage with Jennifer of the Magic Hands who knew exactly what pressure I wanted and placed heated round stones on my back. I was lulled to sleep by the warmthness on my body. Hot stone massage Jamaica is known for its rainforests, mountains and beaches, but it is also famous for its reggae and dub music. That evening, a live Calypso trio played at the beach bar, and a reggae band played at the Lobby Bar. I love live music everywhere, but it is especially appealing when you have a gentle breeze blowing through the palm trees, almost keeping up with the beat. After another delicious dinner  (fresh fish on the beach), I walked back to my room under a universe of stars as large as golf balls. It was hard to believe that this was my last night, but if I’d stayed much longer I would have been too relaxed to leave. In just three days I’d forgotten all about COVID and not only had my little vacation been 100% safe, but it was the most soothing trip I’d taken. Now that I knew how easy it was to get here, and I was already thinking about when I could return. And even though COVID is by no means over, in Jamaica, it means “Masks On, Worries Off.”   Yoga at spa over-water bungalow ",1272,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886246252,2021-03-23 07:21:35,Miami's Mayor Wants to Make His City a Crypto Hub,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/business/dealbook/miami-suarez-crypto.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by DealBook Newsletter Mayor Francis Suarez is selling his city as the world’s cryptocurrency capital. Send any friend a story Ms. Warren is hopeful she’ll ultimately prevail on some issues, like the wealth tax. “It’s easy to implement,” she said. “We just need to sit down and talk about it.” Deals Politics and policy Tech Best of the rest Advertisement ",63,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886236034,2021-03-23 07:00:00,Cogent Communications Stock: A Smart Buy?,https://www.forbes.com/sites/greatspeculations/2021/03/23/cogent-communications-stock-a-smart-buy/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Logo The stock price rise since 2018-end came due to a 4% rise in revenue from $546 million in FY 2019 to $568 million in FY 2020. Helped by a 3% drop in the outstanding share count, this led to RPS (revenue-per-share) rising 7% from $11.94 in 2019 to $12.80 in 2020. Cogent’s P/S (price-to-sales) multiple rose from 3.8x in 2018 to 4.7x by 2020 end, and has since risen further to 5x. We believe that the company’s P/S ratio has the potential to increase more in the near term on expectations of continuing demand growth and a favorable shareholder return policy, thus driving the stock price higher. Where Is The Stock Headed? However, despite the lockdowns being lifted, we believe the company will continue seeing strong revenue growth in the medium term, as internet activity is expected to only get stronger, and if Cogent Communications manages to successfully control expenses, profitability could rise in the near to medium term. This will raise investor expectations, driving up the company’s P/S multiple. We believe that Cogent stock can rise more than 20% from current levels, to its March levels around $76. High Quality Portfolio   ",195,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886236026,2021-03-23 07:10:00,Why Application Security Is Failing In The Cloud-Native Era,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbestechcouncil/2021/03/23/why-application-security-is-failing-in-the-cloud-native-era/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty Managing vulnerabilities has become difficult. With the rise of microservices, we are rapidly moving away from constantly running applications to ones that spin up and down as needed. In these environments, infrastructure turns off and on again to support digital services as people use them. While this makes running applications more efficient, it also makes securing them and managing vulnerabilities with manual processes almost impossible. Cloud-native architectures are fundamentally breaking application security. Traditional approaches to vulnerability management cannot keep up with dynamic environments because they only offer a static view at a single moment in time, which makes them increasingly ineffective and prone to blind spots. Vulnerability scans are often only conducted in pre-production, so they miss what is running in production, which increases the risk of vulnerable libraries running in cloud deployments. They also create a mountain of alerts on every possible vulnerability without the ability to differentiate between potential vulnerabilities or real-world exposures. In this environment, organizations struggle to understand the risk impact of their exposure because of the volume of false positives. Asking teams to do more isn't going to help. Adding to these challenges, traditional security was designed for waterfall-based methodologies that view software development as a linear process with phases only starting as the previous one has been completed. The rise of agile practices and DevOps — as well as the adoption of continuous delivery processes — have turned software development on its head. New features or updates now need to be launched within days or even minutes. Traditional security solutions aren't compatible with this approach because of the tension between agile processes that need to release quickly and the need to prioritize security over all else. Organizations are also feeling the pressure to ""shift left,"" to place more responsibility on developers to ensure that code does not expose any vulnerabilities before it goes live. However, developers do not have the time or expertise to analyze, assess and manage vulnerabilities based on scan results. Manually managing and scanning dynamic, cloud-native applications for vulnerabilities has simply gone beyond human ability. The use of Kubernetes also means code from development and staging environments is constantly crossing into and out of live production systems. New vulnerabilities can emerge long after code has been launched into production. These pressures increase the risk that vulnerabilities could slip through and be exploited by hackers. A new approach is needed. Organizations need to find a new way of managing application security without adding additional pressure onto DevSecOps teams. They need the ability to identify and understand the context behind vulnerabilities as they emerge. This is difficult, as many organizations store data in silos across the business, so context can be elusive. This makes it impossible to know how a particular vulnerability can be exploited and which applications are at risk. A list of vulnerabilities that lacks context makes it very difficult for DevSecOps teams to prioritize their actions effectively while driving faster and more secure release cycles. Additionally, a single source of truth only becomes useful if it can be used to offer teams real-time insights that allow them to focus on production-relevant exposures, fixing high-priority vulnerabilities first and building DevSecOps processes that can secure continuous delivery. This is almost impossible with manual approaches, which is why organizations need to partner with organizations that enable them to use AI to drive automation in modern application security approaches. To ensure success, businesses need to ask how a solution supports that capability, paying particular attention to the accuracy and efficacy of the AI that powers it. Other steps organizations should take to ensure they've fully defined the challenge they need to overcome include: • Perform a review of how many developers are impacted by false-positives and what potential productivity/time-to-market impact this has. • Perform a review of how many production instances are not being scanned properly after deployment. Embrace cloud-native at scale without risking application security. As cloud environments continue to become more dynamic, organizations should look to ensure they can maximize their coverage of applications — especially in production — to help avoid blind spots, detect vulnerabilities in real time and gain information to assess risks. This will enable organizations to ensure applications running in production environments are safe. In the long run, this approach will help accelerate innovation, freeing DevSecOps teams from outdated tools and allowing them to drive business success to an entirely new level. ",736,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886238420,2021-03-23 07:27:06.241123,Israelis head to the polls again with Netanyahu battling to keep his office,https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/2021/03/23/israel-election-netanyahu/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_homepage,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"Israelis voted Tuesday in a very tight election that could determine Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s future and finally break a debilitating political stalemate — or send the country back to yet another round of voting. Here are some significant developments: JERUSALEM — Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s party won the most parliamentary seats in Israel’s election Tuesday, according to exit polls, putting him within sight of securing a governing coalition and extending his tenure as the country’s longest-serving leader. Netanyahu’s Likud party far outpolled its main challengers but still fell well short of a parliamentary majority, and the exit poll results, which continued to shift in the wee hours of Wednesday, suggested that a majority might remain out of reach. The exit poll results show that Israeli politics remain stalemated by a profound divide. Three previous elections in the past two years each failed to produce a functional government, and lawmakers again face a period of intense horse-trading as pro- and anti-Netanyahu forces try to cobble together a majority in the 120-seat parliament, or Knesset. If Netanyahu again beats back a furious political challenge, he will still face an ongoing legal challenge in the courts, where he is being tried on charges of bribery, fraud and corruption. Netanyahu’s alliance garnered 53 seats, according to an average of early television exit polls, while a disparate collection of anti-Netanyahu parties won 57. If Netanyahu’s alliance of right-wing and religious parties is to retain power, that could depend on whether he can persuade one of his former coalition partners, former defense minister Naftali Bennett, to join him. Bennett, a right-wing leader who broke with the prime minister to form his own party, might be able to give Netanyahu the margin he needs to secure a bare majority in the Knesset. Bennett has not ruled out serving in a new Netanyahu government, even though the two former allies are said to dislike each other. And Bennett’s Knesset seats, perhaps as many as eight, would give him significant power in the coalition negotiations that will begin immediately. Some commentators immediately dubbed him “the kingmaker.” “It is unlikely that Bennett will go with the alternative coalition” and make common cause with the anti-Netanyahu parties, said Israeli political scientist Emmanuel Navon. “It would make little sense for Bennett to do it for his political future.” Addressing a jubilant crowd at his Yamina party headquarters outside Tel Aviv, Bennett gave no clue to his intentions but called for unity. “The power you’ve given me, I’ll use it for one, and only one purpose,” he said. “What is best for Israel. What is best for all Israelis.” If Bennett delivers the seats Netanyahu needs, Israel’s government would move even further to the right. Exit polls also showed that the Religious Zionist Party, which includes far-right elements with roots in an overtly racist anti-Arab party, would win seats in parliament, providing crucial support for the prime minister. As Israelis head back to elections, there’s a new twist: Democrats in Washington Political analysts cautioned that exit polls have been wrong before and that final results may not be released for several days. But at the Jerusalem headquarters of Netanyahu’s Likud party, supporters bounced up and down and waved banners at projections showing the prime minister might be able to extend his record 14 years in Israel’s top job. When Netanyahu finally addressed his supporters after 2 a.m., he said he had spoken with Bennett and told him, “Let’s do the responsible thing and together form a stable government - a right wing government that will care for all citizens of Israel.” The prime minister called for an end to Israel’s political deadlock, saying, “We cannot in any way drag the country to a fifth election. We must form a stable government now.” The mood was far more subdued at the camp of opposition leader Yair Lapid as exit polls showed that he and his potential partners may have fallen short of ousting Netanyahu. This is the fourth time Israelis have voted in national elections in 23 months, a time of unprecedented political paralysis as the country has been buffeted by the coronavirus pandemic. “It’s frustrating,” said Avraham, a 59-year-old lawyer after voting Tuesday at a Jerusalem school. He agreed to comment on the political situation on the condition that his last name not be used. “The stalemate is bad for the country’s internal cohesion. I only have limited hope that this time will be any better.” Israelis were skeptical that the vote would end the stalemate, as previous bargaining has failed to produce working coalitions except for a short-lived — and dysfunctional — emergency “unity” government that was formed last spring as the pandemic erupted. “It is unclear if four rounds of election have resolved the longest political crisis in Israel’s history, with the country remaining as divided as it has been over the past two years, and fifth elections remain a very real option,” said Yohanan Plesner, the president of the Israel Democracy Institute. The ongoing health crisis and a steep economic downturn formed a backdrop to Tuesday’s vote, the second conducted in pandemic conditions. Election workers in hazmat suits collected ballots in hospital wards, and buses were parked outside some polling places to serve as remote ballot drops for coronavirus-positive or quarantined voters. The unease may have benefited Netanyahu, who has been both blamed for the ravages of the virus and hailed for orchestrating one of the world’s fastest vaccination campaigns. “I’m not really surprised by these results,” said Yonatan Freeman, a political science professor at Hebrew University. “When you look at times of emergency, times of challenge, that’s something that benefits the incumbent.” Netanyahu seems to have turned back a challenge from his right flank. Former Likud education minister Gideon Saar left the party to take on his former mentor. His bid initially attracted significant interest as an option for conservatives looking to elect a right-wing leader without the prime minister’s ethics taint. “Likud without Netanyahu,” said Jonathan Rynhold, a professor of politics at Bar-Ilan University. In the end, Saar finished with only six to eight seats, according to the exit polls, as significant numbers of Likud voters stayed with Netanyahu. Even some non-Likud voters supported the party in the hopes of finally bringing the elections loop to a decisive end. “At this point, I’m voting strategically and not 100 percent on my ideology,” said Efrat Lev, a CrossFit coach and competitive powerlifter who was casting an afternoon vote in Efrat, a Jewish settlement near Bethlehem in the occupied West Bank. Even though she said her first choice was the right-wing Religious Zionist Party and has qualms about Netanyahu’s ethics, she voted for Likud in hopes of giving him a decisive majority once and for all. “At this point, I’m not looking to vote for an angel,” Lev said. The challenge led Netanyahu to seek new pockets of support. He surprised many in the political establishment by inviting Itamar Ben Gvir, an extremist politician with roots in the banned Kahanist movement, to join his coalition. Gvir’s partnership with another right-wing party in Netanyahu’s coalition was projected to win seven seats. If this result is confirmed, he would be the first Kahanist politician in the Knesset since the movement’s Kach Party was banned as a terrorist group in 1994 after one of its leaders massacred Palestinian worshipers in a West Bank mosque. At the other end of the spectrum, Netanyahu sought votes in Israel’s Arab communities. In a turnaround from past campaigns in which he portrayed Israeli Arabs and their politicians as a threat, he sought out members of Israel’s Arab community and promised to boost spending on police and infrastructure in some of the country’s poorest towns. As Israel votes again, Palestinians still wait their turn The outreach to Arabs helped splinter the Joint List, the coalition of Arab parties that had achieved record support in recent elections. And polls indicated that overall Arab turnout had declined markedly. Ehab Jabareen, a media strategist who voted in the northern Israeli village of Fureidis, said many of his friends stayed home. “The campaign that happened throughout the Arab society was very difficult,” he said. “All the extremism of the campaign has only increased the feeling of apathy.” Liberal and centrist voters found little to cheer in the exit polls, although the Labor Party, long in decline, made a stronger showing than expected under its leader, former news anchor Merav Michaeli. And Benny Gantz, the former army chief of staff who infuriated supporters when he joined Netanyahu’s emergency unity government last year, defied predictions of his political collapse and appeared to secure more seats than expected for his Blue and White party. ",1451,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886253904,2021-03-23 06:56:01,The Colorado attack is the 7th mass shooting in 7 days in the US,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/c3YqQlJsey4/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,"By Josh Berlinger, CNN ",5,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886243569,2021-03-23 07:11:00,"Evanston, Illinois, becomes first U.S. city to pay reparations to Blacks",https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/evanston-illinois-becomes-first-u-s-city-pay-reparations-blacks-n1261791,en,False,,25499,NBC News,http://www.nbcnews.com,"Sections tv Featured More From NBC Follow NBC News The Chicago suburb’s City Council voted 8-1 to distribute $400,000 to eligible black households. Each qualifying household would receive $25,000 for home repairs or down payments on property. The program is being funded through donations and revenue from a 3% tax on the sale of recreational marijuana. The city has pledged to distribute $10 million over 10 years. Qualifying residents must either have lived in or been a direct descendant of a Black person who lived in Evanston between 1919 to 1969 and who suffered discrimination in housing because of city ordinances, policies or practices. Alderman Rue Simmons, who proposed the program that was adopted in 2019, said pro-reparations groups have offered pro-bono legal assistance if the program is challenged in court. “This is set aside for an injured community that happens to be Black, that was injured by the city of Evanston for anti-Black housing policies,” Simmons said. The City Council acted after dozens of citizens addressed the body and the plan received some pushback from several. Alderman Cicely Fleming, the lone vote against the plan, said she supports reparations, but what the City Council was debating is a housing plan that is being called reparations. She said the people should dictate the terms of how their grievances are repaired. Fleming described the program as paternalistic, and it assumes Black people can’t manage their own money. Hundreds of communities and organizations across the country are considering providing reparations to Black people. They range from the state of California to cities like Amherst, Massachusetts, Providence, Rhode Island, Asheville, North Carolina, and Iowa City, Iowa; religious denominations like the Episcopal Church; and prominent colleges like Georgetown University in Washington. © 2021 NBC UNIVERSAL ",291,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886236016,2021-03-23 07:10:00,Three Steps To Develop A Winning Personal Brand,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbeshumanresourcescouncil/2021/03/23/three-steps-to-develop-a-winning-personal-brand/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty How often do you think about your brand? Not your organization’s brand, but your personal brand? In this uber-connected, uber-tech world, you must present a distinctive and unique personal brand to your audience if you want to influence and achieve your goals. A strong brand communicates not just your expertise, but your unique value and differentiation against others in your industry. Brand Statement  The best step to take in the cultivation of your personal brand is to develop a strong brand statement. Think of the proverbial elevator pitch: In the 140-character world, a strong statement is a succinct statement. Some brands are recognizable through a symbol or logo alone. Think about Nike’s “swoosh.” A grant writer I know brands herself as a “wordsmith, problem solver, sage.” Without even realizing she writes grants for nonprofits, you recognize her talent and expertise because of a strong branding statement. The key is crafting a statement that communicates not just your expertise, but why people want to engage with you. Develop Your Brand While personal brand development is continuous and ever-evolving, you must begin marketing your brand the moment you craft and articulate your pitch. Developing and marketing your personal brand is more than a great professional profile picture — it’s about building a solid brand foundation that outlines not just your expertise and experience, but also what you’re passionate about, what makes you different and what you want to be known for. Once it’s developed, you need to engage in activities to build brand awareness — blogging, vlogging, public speaking, networking and social media saturation to develop your brand. Pay special attention to the word saturation. You may know that you are one of the best rising software developers on the planet, but no one else will know unless you get your name and expertise out into the spaces occupied by your target audience. Brand development takes time and effort, but it’s necessary work and something you should consider as a core element of your job and your career development. Monitor, Evaluate And Adjust The more your brand is marketed, the more you open yourself to reviews and feedback. Monitor the feedback that you receive from your audience. If the commentary is positive, leverage it to deepen your brand awareness. If you hear constructive feedback, evaluate to determine if it is fueled by envy or a legitimate opportunity to improve. While none of us likes to encounter negative press, it may provide incentive to tweak your messaging and sharpen your image. Never forget that personal branding is about reaching your professional goals, not getting intermittent “hits” of affirmation. I’m Not Eating The Sandwich ",443,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886253901,2021-03-23 07:01:48,Progressive group launches $3.2 million advertising buy to push federal voting law,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/z9LZe-rGWMM/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886236005,2021-03-23 07:10:00,"Why Companies Should Build A Community, Not An Audience",https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinesscouncil/2021/03/23/why-companies-should-build-a-community-not-an-audience/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty One of the most interesting problems I had to solve while launching our fintech was hiring our marketing team. I only knew enough about marketing to be dangerous. I had vague expectations regarding their actual responsibilities — something about ads or content writing. Fast forward a few months into the recruitment process, and it gradually became apparent that there are two kinds of marketers out there: the ones who get excited about the product but are all about ""look at us"" campaigns, and the ones who might have reservations about the product in its current shape but recognize that it's secondary and choose to focus on the users instead. Over the years, I have come to realize that the former approach is the wrong one. Too many marketers treat customers or users as data points. They treat users as ""audiences"" suitable only for being ""converted"" or else ignored. They take a clinical approach to segmentation and rely on industry benchmarks for measuring success. By contrast, the marketers who choose to care about users are far fewer but seem to be on to something. They acknowledge that users are not passive spectators waiting for the right message or incentive simply because people nowadays want to feel that they're part of something bigger, useful or meaningful. Aren't audience and community the same thing? No. Your audience is passive. Your community is active and talks to you and other members of the community. It's not just about comments on your social media posts. That’s not enough. On social media, you're broadcasting a message in a siloed environment; you're the ""owner"" of the conversation, and you have full control over it. In a real community, each member's contribution is equal to the admin or channel owner's contribution. You might have people listening to you, but that doesn't mean they feel a sense of belonging or shared identity with the others in the audience. People from an audience are there only for you. They don’t care about others’ reactions or comments (let’s exclude memes for a second). In a community, members develop a network of relationships instead of one-way conversations. They see themselves as part of something more. Perhaps this is why audiences can be so easily bought while communities have to be earned.  How do I build a community?  This is what we did with our fintech in its first months. With only a few hundred users initially and a unique product, asking our users to start engaging with one another from the get-go would have been an impossible task. We decided to only refer to them as members, not users. We also decided to do our best to build a community spirit through regular community-wide video calls, events and one-on-one onboarding calls. You're probably thinking that this sounds like an audience with a bit of extra attention. And you're right. In the beginning, that’s all you have. You’ll still need to invest in traditional marketing. But it won't be enough, and that's the difference. You need to show an actual interest in what your community members do. You need to focus on the individuals. How do I know I'm on the right track? When you're building an audience, you're usually looking at things like reach, impressions and clicks. In other words, it's the numbers that you prefer to see going up. But when you're building a community, you realize that you don't necessarily care how big it gets past a certain number of members. Figuring this out will be hard. In some ways, it's as hard as building the community in the first place. Your metrics will be different from ours. That's why the only real advice that I can give on measurement is to listen. Ultimately, you've built a real community when rather than people just allowing your emails to show up in their inbox, your space becomes the place they go intentionally. ",653,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886253898,2021-03-23 07:28:24,Trial review board raises concerns about AstraZeneca vaccine data,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/Lf9dWoLEMxk/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,"Naomi Thomas, Nadia Kounang, Jo Shelley and Jason Hoffman contributed to this report. ",14,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886235993,2021-03-23 07:10:00,Senator Raphael Warnock’s Inaugural Senate Floor Speech Offered A Speaking Skills Masterclass,https://www.forbes.com/sites/danabrownlee/2021/03/23/senator-raphael-warnocks-inaugural-senate-floor-speech-offered-a-speaking-skills-masterclass/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"(Photo by Brandon Bell/Getty Images) Let’s be honest. When we’re looking for riveting, motivating, inspirational presentations, we rarely think to turn to C-SPAN for the latest congressional floor speech, but Georgia’s junior Senator Raphael Warnock clearly didn’t get that memo as evidenced by his powerful inaugural address on voting rights. Rarely does a political speech make news. They happen all the time on topics of grave importance to public policy with far reaching implications that literally sculpt the contours of our society—and often impact our day to day lives—but the unfortunate truth is…. they’re generally not very good. Many are downright awful.  There’s a reason why meticulously curated Ted talks have become all the rage in professional circles—content isn’t anything without amazing delivery. Strong delivery can mean the difference between an audience completely missing or discounting your point to being inspired to challenge their own thinking and take action. Arguably, faith leaders, particularly those of the Southern Baptist ilk like Rev. Warnock and his predecessor pastor of Ebenezer Baptist Church Dr. Martin Luther, Jr., have cultivated an oratorical mastery that serve as a blueprint for mere mortals to follow—and learn from.  Have Something Important to Say In fact, Senator Warnock challenged his audience to radically reimagine the concept of the vote. “I think a vote is a kind of prayer for the kind of world we desire for ourselves and for our children, and our prayers are stronger when we pray together,” he explained. Senator Warnock also questioned the audacity of introducing constraints reducing voting options while simultaneously attempting to criminalize the act of providing snacks and water for those forced into long lines created by said “draconian actions.” Overall, he used compelling, insightful analysis to convey interesting ideas instead of simply repackaging stale existing concepts. Slow Down Your Tempo  As a professional speaker who has struggled with this for years (because my natural speaking tempo is so fast), I’m always amazed listening to speakers who have mastered the ability to speak with a slow and deliberate cadence. Speaking more slowly creates a space that naturally draws in the listener. They’re waiting to see how the sentence will end or even what word will follow. When he says, “As a man of faith, I believe that democracy is the political enactment of a spiritual idea…” the pregnant pause that follows creates a decisive anticipation for what that spiritual idea might be (“the sacred worth of all human beings,” he continued). His slow and deliberate cadence injects a sense of drama and passion that lets you know how much his message matters to him and similarly how much it should mean to you. Command the Room and Connect with the Audience Leverage Stories and Relatable References As one of the newest members of the Senate, Rev. Raphael Warnock provided a great example of how new lifeblood can bring new perspectives, challenge pre-existing limitations and reimagine possibilities. Who knew a Senate floor speech could feel like a powerful church sermon? While we all may not have the capacity to speak like Senator Warnock, his speech inspired us to all be better—in more ways than one. ",527,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886235986,2021-03-23 07:14:46,U.K. Store Launch As Popeyes Takes The Chicken Sandwich War Global,https://www.forbes.com/sites/markfaithfull/2021/03/23/uk-store-launch-as-popeyes-takes-the-chicken-sandwich-war-global/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Popeyes has also opened chicken sandwich restaurants in Brazil, and today also confirmed plans to open hundreds more stores in Mexico. Founded in New Orleans in Louisiana in 1972, Popeyes is best known for its signature Chicken Sandwich, which was the subject of one of the most successful launches in quick service restaurant history when it was released in the U.S. in August 2019. A social media frenzy propelled the business into the big time and has spurred fast food rivals to launch or test their own chicken sandwich options. Popeyes Pledges To Digital Innovation Although Popeyes is promising to spearhead in-store and food order digital innovation, David Shear, president International of RBI, said that it's too early to say whether the new U.K. outlets would have food lockers, although Burger King, which shares the same parent company, is rolling them out across its sites. Shear said: “We are excited to announce that we are going to be bringing the Popeyes brand to the U.K. Popeyes has established itself as an international brand, famed for the creation of authentic, Louisiana-inspired fried chicken products. Our U.K. launch will build on other successful international expansions in Spain, Switzerland, China, the Philippines and most recently in Sri Lanka. We can’t wait to get started.” Popeyes also achieved net restaurant growth of 132 stores in the U.S. in 2020 and, going forward, the company said that it intends to evaluate international opportunities by establishing master franchisees with exclusive development rights and joint ventures with franchisees, delivering solid net restaurant growth in 2021. Across its three chains, RBI owns more than 27,000 restaurants globally, and CEO Jose Cil told investors in August that it planned to grow this to 40,000. Popeyes And The Chicken Sandwich Wars Popeyes shot to prominence after it kick-started the chicken sandwich wars in 2019, when its eponymous sandwich became an instant break-out success following a social media frenzy. It had sold out just two weeks after launch, and the chain had served 250 million of the sandwiches within its first year of launch. Popeyes: The chicken sandwich that kick-started a global market war. (AP Photo/Eric Gay) Burger King, KFC, Wendy's, and other fast food brands have all launched or started piloting new chicken sandwiches on their menus. For its part, Popeyes will be the last of fast food giant RBI’s three chains to launch in the U.K. market, following both Burger King, which is well established in the country, and Tim Hortons, which entered the U.K. with a site in Glasgow four years ago and now has 27 restaurants, including a flagship location in Leicester. ",417,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886235981,2021-03-23 07:20:00,Innovation Culture: Key Changes Needed For Legacy Auto Companies,https://www.forbes.com/sites/stevetengler/2021/03/23/innovation-culture-key-changes-needed-for-legacy-auto-companies/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Erik Tanghe may have said it best: “Fear of change is like standing under a hot shower and knowing the moment you turn it off you'll be freezing cold.”  That’s exactly the challenge facing legacy auto manufacturers today: innovation is driving significant technological change, start-ups are popping-up like pimples on a teenager’s face, and investors are betting on their hopes of catching the next wave.  “Typically when organizations talk about human development,” states Jeremy Spaulding, Chief Operating Officer of Evolve Impact, a coaching and organizational development firm, “it’s either mandated by Human Resources with a general punitive feel or it’s akin to ‘life coaching’, which doesn’t easily translate to business goals or returns on investments. But managing and improving innovation requires a complicated mix of mental clarity with deep technical knowledge, creativity, and business prowess focused on prioritizing strategies and leveraging resources. It’s not easy. So structured human development is critical.” In the end, there are many variables that factor into a creative team gelling together and successfully feeling their way through the fogs of ideation and delivery. But three major variables seem to be especially influential: mutual perseverance, organizational advocacy, and reconstructive feedback. Patience. There are always pressures to jump too fast towards or skitter away from a successful ending due to a lack of corporate patience. The need for revenue. The annual objectives. The pressure from investors. Whatever the cause, more often than not companies want to metaphorically jump to the last page of the novel before truly understanding the customers’ needs, the flaws in either the first prototypes or its associated business case, and the opportunity costs of not expending a little more effort. “When you develop a crazy new idea, there are a lot of hurdles that must be overcome with patience while understanding the relationship between time and innovation,” says Spaulding. “A high-performing team will have the discipline to slow down and do the hard work with a strategic mindset and humility.” Or, as Spaulding summarizes, “If you are patient, diligent, and tenacious enough,” adds Spaulding, “you will eventually recognize where the concept is failing and build something that works. “Good advocates are good communicators,” says Spaulding. “They define the context of their innovation in a way that’s compelling. What’s the opportunity? How does this innovation address that opportunity and what’s its role within the business and brand context? That framing and reframing the perception is important within your immediate team and outside. What is the vision and why are we doing this?”  Executives are forced to evaluate tradeoffs every day, either to enrich today’s crops or fertilize the soils of tomorrow. Or if they want to create something truly differentiating (a.k.a. “just crazy enough”), they might have to depart entirely from the somewhat-safe farming to the very-risky hunting world, which represents possible job insecurity for management, development teams, and anyone within arm’s reach of the investment. That’s why, for a proposal to thrive, there must be an ongoing, informative dialogue about the whys. Feedback is frequently heard as rejection, which is the opposite of reality. Internalizing. Although not getting any feedback is actually worse, negative feedback can also be difficult to manage. “Once an idea is communicated and known to a larger audience, you immediately get critics,” Spaulding points out. “They’ll exclaim, ’This isn’t going to work!’ ‘This is crazy!’ or ‘Have you thought about this specific corner-case?’”  Spaulding cites one instance in which a light-based vehicle-to-vehicle communication system (with endless spectrum possibilities and safety-related use cases) evoked an early reproach. One snarky critic suggested the entire design was defeated by splashed mud. “A lot of times, the invention is attacked because people are attracted to it,” Spaulding says. “Very rarely is it personal. Ironically, it’s one of their mechanisms for actually conveying interest. Getting past your ego, acknowledging and considering that critique, is a practiced humility that helps to refine the invention.” With all of this, the legacy automotive companies shall have an interesting balancing act ahead of them: quickly elicit investors’ dollars via a unique vision and value proposition versus Tesla et al, retain patience on stakeholder requirements and inadequate prototypes, and evolve without flinching. The good news is that Amazon and Apple have shown that leapfrogging the market doesn’t require being the first mouse to the cheese, e.g., the iPod wasn’t the first MP3 player, Amazon.com wasn’t the first shopping website. Companies just need stay the circuitous course with confidence supported by the aforementioned feedback. And hopefully their human performance is adequate. ",755,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886255085,2021-03-23 06:59:20,Reserves lead Clippers' huge rally to 119-110 win over Hawks,https://www.foxnews.com/sports/reserves-lead-clippers-huge-rally-to-119-110-win-over-hawks,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. Kawhi Leonard scored 25 points, Terance Mann added a season-high 21 and the Los Angeles Clippers rallied from a 22-point deficit in the second half to snap the Atlanta Hawks' eight-game winning streak with a 119-110 victory Monday night. Luke Kennard made all eight of his shots and scored all of his season high-tying 20 points in the second half for the Clippers, who fell behind 88-66 in the third quarter shortly after a frustrated coach Ty Lue put in a small lineup of five reserves. ""With the team that we have, we know that we’re capable of making some comebacks,"" Kennard said. CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM With Mann and Kennard spurring the comeback, Los Angeles ended the game on a dominant 53-22 run. ""I think we realized over the past few games that energy is one of the things that works for us,"" said Mann, who scored 11 points in the fourth quarter. ""When we’re hustling, rebounding the ball and showing personality, it’s made us open up our eyes."" Trae Young had 28 points and eight assists, and John Collins scored 23 points in the Hawks' first loss of March, and their first under new coach Nate McMillan. Atlanta's winning streak was its longest since January 2015. ""I thought we just started celebrating,"" McMillan said. ""They made some adjustments, they went small, and we just lost our focus and didn’t finish this game. ... We lost our composure."" After Lue emptied his bench because he said he was ""looking for life,"" a lineup without All-Stars Leonard and Paul George shockingly trimmed the deficit to single digits. George finished with a season-low eight points, but the Clippers didn't need him. ""I think it’s definitely one of the most fun games I’ve been a part of in my basketball career,"" Kennard said. ""That’s top two, if not at the top. The group that was in, and then just hearing the guys on the sidelines, the way they were cheering us on as we made that run, that’s what it’s all about."" After Mann hit the tying layup with 4:25 to play, he drilled a 3-pointer with 2:42 left to give Los Angeles its first lead of the second half. Leonard's decisive 3-pointer with 1:23 left capped a 50-20 surge by the Clippers, and the superstar added another on the next possession for a flourish on the stunned Hawks. ""We’ve gone through this before,"" Young said. ""We’ve done a great job recently of closing out games. You’re not going to be perfect all season, but it felt like we had a real good chance of closing this one out."" TIP-INS Hawks: Danilo Gallinari was whistled for a flagrant foul on Mann in the third quarter. Gallinari then missed the fourth quarter with a left knee bruise, McMillan said. ... Young hit five of their 12 3-pointers and had four of their seven turnovers. Clippers: They traded Mfiondu Kabengele to Sacramento during the game. Mann's collegiate teammate at Florida State appeared in 35 games over two seasons with LA. ... LA again played without two regular starters. Patrick Beverley has missed five straight games with right knee soreness, and Serge Ibaka has missed the last four due to lower back tightness. NIGHT OF THE HUNTER De’Andre Hunter scored eight points in 21 minutes for Atlanta in his first game since Jan. 29. He missed 23 games while recovering from arthroscopic knee surgery. ""He went out there and played good,"" Young said. ""I know he was trying to get into a rhythm. He got a couple of shots to go down, and it was good to see."" Hunter averaged 17.2 points and 5.4 rebounds in his first 18 games. McMillan said Hunter is on a minutes restriction for now. LUUUUKE Kennard got a $64 million extension in the offseason, but had played only 64 minutes in the last 10 games. He shook off any rust with a dazzling effort against the Hawks, hitting four 3-pointers while adding seven rebounds and four assists without a miss. ""Luke is a bucket,"" Mann said. ""He can get to it, and it was great to see."" Kennard even banked in a 3-pointer from halfcourt at the third-quarter buzzer to cap his 13-point quarter. ""When that deep shot went in from halfcourt, I said, ‘Shoot, you know what? Let’s just keep this momentum going,’"" Kennard said. ""A 20-point (deficit) seems like a lot, but we just chipped away."" UP NEXT Hawks: At Kings on Wednesday. Clippers: At Spurs on Wednesday. ",769,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886235973,2021-03-23 07:20:00,Networking In Times Of Social Restrictions,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinesscouncil/2021/03/23/networking-in-times-of-social-restrictions/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty Human interactions are often undermined and sacrificed for the sake of the mundane working routine. The truth is, however, that professional networking is the key to skyrocketing career growth and business development.  Is it possible to build networks in times of social restrictions? How can you make the best use of new and existing connections? Let me give the answers. The Power Of Networking Networking means exchanging information and ideas with other people of common professional interests. Such interaction is generally used to expand existing circles of acquaintance. Whatever your current career stage, networking skills can lead to faster advancement. To start, you can meet a person willing to share their priceless experience or even become your mentor. Accordingly, you’ll be updated in terms of industry insights and new opportunities that aren’t public yet. You never know which contact from your professional network could one day become your business partner or client. Established rapport and trust among like-minded entrepreneurs can often result in long-lasting collaboration and mutual references. The importance of meaningful connections becomes especially apparent during times of crisis and uncertainty. With social distancing measures in place, virtual communication within networks can contribute to the creation of a win-win strategy. It can potentially minimize the negative outcomes of the ongoing pandemic. Nowadays, networking comes as a necessity rather than an option. Valuable Currency Communication for business purposes must be a habit or even a lifestyle, not a skill that is used only when needed. This rule helped me to expand my personal contact network and at the same time benefited my business. There are many hidden opportunities I advise you to consider. Such collaborations enable the chance to work side by side with experts from across the globe. The experience of sharing industry insights and updates is especially rewarding. When you take part in such significant projects, you realize that social capital is a valuable currency. There are also communities where members are selected based on both career success and diversity of experience. This makes communication even more absorbing and thrilling. Such communities enable constant learning through coaching opportunities, forum discussions and online meetings with like-minded business owners across the world. Within such networks, highly motivated people engage in conversations to help one another cope with daily challenges and solve business dilemmas. Consequently, you gain a holistic view of what’s going on in the world and the anxieties that entrepreneurs like you are facing. National associations are created to combine forces in reaching common goals and implementing great missions. They can set high quality standards, put pressure on those in power to take action and eventually create positive change. These are reasonable arguments to expand the circle of contacts within the country of your business. New Obstacles Or New Chances? Attending conferences and having small talk in the hall are short-term investments in expanding your professional circle. However, it takes more time and effort to build solid business relationships and create communities. Due to social restrictions, it might be more difficult to take part in an offline event or to invite an interesting person to have lunch or coffee. Nevertheless, digital technologies today offer more opportunities for building networks than ever before. Quarantines across the globe furthered the format of webinars and online meetings, and many assumed that would worsen the quality of networking. However, that hasn’t been the case. VR meeting apps, for example, provide a chance to experience real-time communication at a distance. What is more, there is no more need to travel to another city or country to participate in a one-day event. Quite the opposite. You can attend several meetings in a day without leaving the house.  In the age of social media, it is useful to keep discovering new platforms for sharing your thoughts. Virtual rooms are a new trend for holding online conversations. The buzz around new communication apps has led to new communities of curious people eager to listen to and participate in real-time talks. So, grab this chance for meaningful networking. The Art Of Building Connections To sum up, nurturing professional relationships can satisfy the human need for communication and benefit your business. My advice is to step out of your comfort zone, distract yourself from daily tasks, and reach out to existing contacts or create new ones. Once you master the art of building connections, you’ll find yourself surrounded by people you can count on. No one wants to be alone in this uncertain business environment. ",748,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886224015,2021-03-23 04:31:44,'A cop on the beat again': Biden looks to reassert consumer watchdog agency sidelined by Trump,https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/joe-biden/cop-beat-again-biden-looks-reassert-consumer-watchdog-agency-sidelined-n1261586,en,False,,25499,NBC News,http://www.nbcnews.com,"Sections tv Featured More From NBC Follow NBC News Experts said a fully staffed, enforcement-focused CFPB gives Biden a crucial tool to advocate for lower- and middle-class Americans who have in recent years, and during the pandemic in particular, been preyed on by financial institutions and subjected to dubious lending and debt collection practices. ""There is going to be a cop on the beat again,"" said Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., who helped create the agency. ""The Trump team, they tried to make clear they were there to help big banks and big money lenders, not families. But the Biden administration is focused on using it to level the playing field."" The approach would be in line with the agency's original mission, and it would mark a notable change from its direction under Trump. The Biden administration has already made moves to help return the agency to its original mission. In a statement to NBC News, Uejio said that since he started the acting top job, he has ""focused the CFPB on providing relief for consumers affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, and taking action on racial equity."" ""We are taking a close look at previous policies that hampered the Bureau's effectiveness, and simultaneously working nonstop through supervision and enforcement to ensure financial institutions are treating consumers fairly and playing by the rules,"" he said. Agency officials said the agency no longer employed any policy associate directors. Richard Cordray, Obama's CFPB director, said hundreds of staff members who joined the agency during the Obama years are likely to be excited by the shift. ""You can flip the switch. You can start bringing enforcement actions again,"" he said in an interview. ""By changing the outlook and attitude at the top, it can still flow right through the organization."" Rohit Chopra, Biden's pick to lead the agency, will be critical to the mission, Warren and others said. Chopra, a member of the Federal Trade Commission, was an assistant director at the CFPB under Cordray and oversaw the agency's student loan policies. At his confirmation hearing before the Senate Banking Committee this month, Chopra said the agency would resume an aggressive approach in making and enforcing rules to keep banks, lenders and other financial institutions in check — a stark contrast from the department's approach under Trump, which prioritized consumer education over enforcement. He signaled that the agency on his watch would resume strict enforcement of fair lending standards and crack down on violations committed by debt collectors and payday lenders and that it would boost ways to increase access to credit and capital for consumers who tend to suffer from limited access. The vote to advance Chopra's nomination to the full Senate was tied along partisan lines. Democratic lawmakers said it was likely that Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., would discharge the nomination to a full vote. ""This is going to be an agency for people of color — who are more likely to be hit with larger student loans and are more likely to face debt collectors and have to rely on payday lenders — to fight back,"" Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, the chairman of the Banking Committee, said in an interview. ""An agency for those who are hit hardest by debt and by the remnants of Jim Crow and of redlining."" ""We have a White House that is totally dedicated to rooting out structural racism, and this agency is going to be an important part of doing that,"" he added. Some advocates warned that the agency's relative youth could put it at a disadvantage in becoming the champion against systemic racism its backers want it to be. Chandran said ""a good place for Biden's CFPB to start"" would be additional rulemaking that creates a ""more rigorous framework"" for how the bureau tackles rules about disparate impact — a legal concept that says a practice may be discriminatory if it has a disproportionate effect on minorities, even if discrimination is not intended. ""It's still sort of a black box compared to other federal agencies. But that also means there is a lot of potential,"" he said. ""It could be a very powerful weapon in tackling racial inequality in the economic sector."" Harvard Law School professor Howell Jackson, an expert on financial regulation and consumer protection who was a visiting scholar at the CFPB from 2013 to 2015, said aggressive enforcement of fair-lending statues is one area in which the agency can make a big difference. That would include making sure credit and equity are available to low-income consumers and minorities and ensuring that the emerging financial technology sector is working in a way that benefits those groups, he and other experts said. The experts also stressed that the coronavirus crisis has only increased the need for a robust CFPB. As millions of Americans continue to suffer from the economic fallout, many will be more vulnerable to predatory practices that can be prevalent among payday lenders and debt collectors — which are regulated by the CFPB. In addition, experts and lawmakers warned that once the various deferrals on evictions and mortgage, student loan and rent payments end, consumers could face a historic level of defaults and late payments. ""Even before the pandemic, there were a large number of families struggling financially, living paycheck to paycheck, families who were most at risk of being seriously injured by market forces. And it’s certainly gotten a lot worse for many families over the last year,” said David Silberman, who worked at the CFPB as the associate director for research, markets, and regulation from its inception through February 2020. “Having the government on their side and looking out for them, and ensuring they can’t be taken advantage of is more important than ever."" Adam Edelman is a political reporter for NBC News. © 2021 NBC UNIVERSAL ",969,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886255080,2021-03-23 07:01:43,"Big Tech crackdowns 'as terrifying as the government arresting you', author Abigail Shrier says",https://www.foxnews.com/media/big-tech-crackdowns-cancel-culture-terrifying-abigail-shrier,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Author of 'Irreversible Damage' Abigail Shrier joins 'Tucker Carlson Tonight' to discuss the impact of H.R. 5 on US women ""All those brave people [who] you think are so brave, secretly they're shifting,"" Shrier told Fox News contributor and podcast host Ben Domenech.  ""They're moving because they don't want to be kicked off Amazon.  ""So your agent, your publisher ... anybody who works for you ... They are getting really nervous and they don't want to lose access to Gmail and they don't want to lose all their family photos on Facebook. I've interviewed people who have been canceled, where they lost Facebook ... because they did something controversial and not even -- in some cases it was an accident and whatnot. And Facebook shut down their account, and those were the only pictures they had of their mother who has now passed,"" she said, calling it ""absolutely as terrifying as the government arresting you."" ""So people are, however brave they seem, everyone is quietly inching to one side because they're afraid,"" she said. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Shrier added that the best way to combat cancel culture is to ""embrace people who are saying things you don't like."" ""I think we just have to make a big deal about that ... Even when we can't stand them personally. It's so important, and not enough people are speaking up. And I think, especially, liberals should speak up on this. I really do."" Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inbox Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! ",268,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886235967,2021-03-23 07:20:00,"Thinking Regional, Staying Local In Southeast Asian PR: Putting Cultural Diversity Into Practice",https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesagencycouncil/2021/03/23/thinking-regional-staying-local-in-southeast-asian-pr-putting-cultural-diversity-into-practice/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"International Communications & Business Growth Advisor; Startup Expert; Former Journalist; Moderator & Public Speaker getty Penetrating a fragmented market such as Southeast Asia entails having a mix of regional and local public relations strategies. It’s all about thinking regional, but staying local after all. Regional because the overarching message has to be consistent across markets, and local because it is only through having a thorough understanding of, and familiarity with, endemic cultural nuances, relevant issues affecting local industries and the local media landscape that PR practitioners can truly be compelling and engaging with the local media they wish to target. After all, PR tactics that work effectively in Singapore might not see substantial results in emerging markets such as Indonesia or the Philippines. I cannot overemphasize the importance of repackaging content: A generic pitch could perhaps land you the regional publications, but you will likely miss out on tier-one publications in local markets (which often have a substantial readership) if you don’t try to at least spice up the pitch with some local flavor.  But how can PR teams strike the right balance between local and regional? In my experience, it all starts with having the right PR experts in each Southeast Asian market — and having the right strategy that brings all of the PR experts together as one team.  As the managing director of PRecious Communications, I supervise over 50 people across Singapore, Indonesia, Thailand, Malaysia and the Philippines, stirring the company direction toward sustainable business growth in Southeast Asia. For over eight years, our regional team in Singapore has been working closely with our dedicated local teams across markets to execute integrated communications and media relations strategies that help strengthen brands’ foothold in Southeast Asia. Balancing Control With Freedom: Employing The Hub-And-Spoke Approach One model that has been used across different industries is the hub-and-spoke model. Put simply, this means that there’s a company headquarters that serves as a central agency or hub, while there are distributed offices, which serve as spokes, across markets. In the context of PR, employing a hub-and-spoke model means having a centralized communications team that develops definite messaging guidelines, and local teams that execute more targeted, localized campaigns that align with the general messaging.  The key idea behind the model is to be able to have a significant level of control over the remote teams, but still give the same teams the flexibility to use their own specialized local expertise to tailor the campaign accordingly, such that the messaging would resonate more with the local markets. The right foundation is essential to the success of the hub-and-spoke model. And at the core, as PR really is a people business, it starts with having the right people who have the same mindset, and forming regional account teams with strong leads who help drive a culture of collaboration with local teams. Celebrating A Culture Of Multicultural Collaboration Having a thriving multicultural team, however, boils down to building a solid company culture that thrives on cross-cultural understanding and mutual respect. It is the only way that such a team dynamic would work. An essential success factor behind multicultural collaboration is the ability of local and regional teams to overcome challenges around communication barriers and racial attitudes. And fostering a culturally inclusive team environment starts with having good leaders who constantly educate team members to resolve cultural biases and promote practices that support cultural diversity. ",570,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886224014,2021-03-23 04:34:58,NCAA's March Madness sexism problem is way bigger than a pathetic weight room,https://www.nbcnews.com/think/opinion/ncaa-march-madness-drops-ball-women-s-basketball-sexism-outrage-ncna1261775,en,False,,25499,NBC News,http://www.nbcnews.com,"Follow think More from NBC © 2021 NBCNEWS.COM https://www.instagram.com/p/CMkRJ2LswFp The NCAA has long been part of the problem. That's because the protections provided by Title IX to shield student-athletes from this sort of disparate treatment do not apply to the NCAA. The protections provided by Title IX to shield student-athletes from this sort of disparate treatment do not apply to the NCAA. For years, the NCAA appears to have been operating under the assumption that it can escape unscathed when it treats women's basketball as less than. That can no longer be the case. If the NCAA cannot be held legally accountable, it must be held socially accountable. Leading the charge should be its member institutions, which owe their student-athletes a legal duty under Title IX. It should not be lost on anyone that Prince, the Oregon player, got something done when the institutions and the NCAA failed her. Title IX, however, places the burden to ensure equal opportunity on the institutions. The players should never be forced to carry that burden. Sponsors and investors should also make supporting the women's tournament a regular practice, not a sporadic one-off when the public is paying attention and the marketing moment is convenient. Finally, the NCAA itself needs to follow through in effecting real, sustained change. Its conduct in San Antonio is an outrage and an embarrassment. This should be the last time the value of the NCAA's elite female athletes is so flagrantly denigrated. Until it is, the NCAA's commitment as a purported guarantor of Title IX's protections will remain devastatingly superficial. Gabriella Levine is an attorney who specializes in litigation for the law firm of Whiteman, Osterman & Hanna LLP in Albany, New York. She previously covered women’s basketball on a freelance basis. © 2021 NBC UNIVERSAL ",297,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886255077,2021-03-23 07:03:37,"Hellebuyck posts 1st shutout of season, Jets top Canucks 4-0",https://www.foxnews.com/sports/hellebuyck-posts-1st-shutout-of-season-jets-top-canucks-4-0,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. The shutout had plenty of meaning for Hellebuyck. ""It means you’ve finally perfected a game,"" Hellebuyck said. ""I’m never going to say my game is perfect, but for one game, with the guys in front of me, we played a perfect game,"" he said. ""Granted, there’s some luck in there and maybe you can find some mistakes, but at the end of the day, we’re looking back at this like we played our A-plus game. And this is what we want to try and continue moving forward with."" CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM Blake Wheeler opened the scoring for Winnipeg (19-11-2) midway through the first period and Paul Stastny closed the game with a goal late in the third. Thatcher Demko stopped 24 of 29 shots for the Canucks (16-17-3). ""I thought it was tight-checking game,"" Demko said. ""Going into the third down one, I felt we we’re in a pretty good spot to make a push and tie it up and not a lot anyone could do on a couple of those plays."" It was Hellebuyck’s 21st career shutout. His last came on March 6, 2020, when the Jets downed the Vegas Golden Knights 4-0. The squad had been playing well but simply hadn’t earned the results they wanted, Hellebuyck said. ""We’ve got a lot of character in that locker room,"" he said. ""We needed this one to show that we are playing the right way and to not stray away from it. Everyone was playing their hearts out tonight and it really showed."" Vancouver was without a key piece for much of the third. Captain Bo Horvat hobbled to the dressing room in obvious pain after taking a slap shot to the foot midway through the period. He did not return. Canucks coach Travis Green did not have an update on Horvat’s condition post-game. The win snapped a two-game skid for the Jets, who had their only back-to-back losses of the season against Edmonton last week. Stastny sealed the win with a shot from the top of the faceoff circle that sailed past Demko with three minutes left on the clock. Lowry buried his second of the night 8:42 into the final period. Demko stopped a shot from Andrew Copp but couldn’t control the rebound and the puck landed on Lowry’s stick. He quickly popped it into the net to give the Jets a 3-0 lead. Lowry had given the Jets some breathing room earlier in the third with a shot from the dot that hit Canucks defenseman Travis Hamonic in the shoulder and ricocheted into the Vancouver net, putting Winnipeg up 2-0. A turnover in the Jets end led to Winnipeg’s first goal of the game. Wheeler picked the puck off Canucks defenseman Alex Edler and streaked down the ice on a 2-on-1 breakaway with Stastny. Vancouver’s Nate Schmidt dropped to the ice in front of the crease in an attempt to stop a pass, but Wheeler kept the puck and slipped a shot through Demko’s legs to give the Jets a 1-0 lead 9:41 into the opening period. The Jets dominated play through much of the second, allowing the Canucks just six shots on goal. NOTES: Both teams were 0 for 1 on the power play. … Canucks center Brandon Sutter missed the game with an undisclosed injury. He was replaced in the lineup by Tyler Graovac. … Earlier Monday, Vancouver claimed center Travis Boyd off waivers from the Toronto Maple Leafs. UP NEXT The teams complete a two-game set on Wednesday night. ",604,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886235957,2021-03-23 07:20:00,Why We Need To Update Our Perception Of ‘Career’,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbescoachescouncil/2021/03/23/why-we-need-to-update-our-perception-of-career/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty In times like this, we often find ourselves catching our breath, reflecting, reconsidering. It is no surprise that historic moments — like a pandemic — prompt this sort of behavior, both on a collective and on a personal level. It is this very standstill that may prompt us to ask: What do I want to change? Re-Defining Career In our fast-paced craze for productivity in the working world, a career comes to represent a course with steady advancement, a way to climb the corporate ladder. However, due to the acceleration of globalized and technological forces, the definition of a ""career"" has changed tremendously over the years and the pandemic has only accentuated it.  In this light, the importance of considering the career as a personal path becomes visible. Naturally, work takes up so much time of our day that in order to be fulfilled we need to be happy at work — it is a simple percentual representation. On the flip side, however, even the most fulfilling job cannot always keep us sane with the world falling apart around us. Therefore, rather than forcing ourselves to be productive and successful at all times, we should think of our career as an opportunity to advance ourselves, educate ourselves, collect experiences and grow as a person. A Historical Moment For Change In my work as a career and leadership development coach, I talk about this career journey concept with my clients to help them figure out their ideas, values and goals for fulfilled work and life. Change is often scary and while we may want change, we may also subconsciously avoid or resist it. It is in the grey area between these two where we can feel stuck, with no way forward. It's no wonder then that we are so prone to creating routines and rituals; we’re creatures of habit and habits offer us stability and security. Usually, the uncertainty of change is pitted against the stability and security of the status quo. Yet what the change in the job market has shown us and what has been amplified by the global crisis, is that security is temporary, if not a complete myth. By choosing a route we consider ""safe,"" we might also inadvertently make concessions toward our actual goals and our values. In my personal and professional experience, I have realized that change and transformation occur when the pain of staying the same becomes bigger than the fear of change. There is a point of no return when we make up our mind and plunge into the sea of change, but the route to that decision-making point can often be protracted and painful. Questioning To Move Forward Keeping in mind the idea that career involves both personal growth and work progression, let's tackle these questions: • Has your dissatisfaction with your work surfaced with more force under the exhausting circumstances of the pandemic or are you simply tired of the working conditions in the pandemic (and would be so in pretty much any job)? • What are the situations that trigger you? In turn, what would need to change for it to be a satisfying situation? In other words, how can you use that which makes you upset and unhappy to start creating a more meaningful work life? This can help to get clarity on what you are looking for in a change, rather than what you are blindly running away from. • Think about ""peak moments"" at work, when you really enjoy what you are doing and everything is just the way you want it to be. What is that like? What was the environment, the circumstances? Write a short story and then look for clues — what is it that you had then that you do not have now? • What is within your zone of personal power (what you can change), your zone of influence (what you can influence) and your zone of concern (what is beyond your control)? An example of the latter would be the pandemic and its effects on us, our lives, our jobs and the economy. However, even here, we can move back to the circle of personal power by choosing how to consciously respond to the external situation, rather than breeding resentment or despair or accepting the negatives with resignation. That’s when we engage in self-empowerment and resilience. While change can be intimidating, you might find that with our routines already uprooted, perhaps now is a good time to shift and to rearrange your life and career. And if not, and you’re happy with your career but are just frustrated by circumstances, remember Sandi Toksvig’s words: ""We will get past this."" ",780,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886255070,2021-03-23 07:07:39,"Kolesar scores 1st NHL goal, Golden Knights top Blues 5-1",https://www.foxnews.com/sports/kolesar-scores-1st-nhl-goal-golden-knights-top-blues-5-1,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox Business Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on FoxBusiness.com.
 On Monday night, Stone scored twice and Kolesar was the star of the show. CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM ""A long time coming,"" said Kolesar, who scored on his 21st shot of the season, firing home a rebound after St. Louis goaltender Jordan Binnington blocked Nic Hague’s shot from the point. The goal sent his teammates and the announced crowd of 3,750 into a frenzy in celebration for Kolesar. ""I think my reaction, and the bench reaction, says it all,"" Kolesar said. ""I think they might have been more excited than I was."" Jonathan Marchessault and William Karlsson added goals for Vegas, which improved to 4-0-0 on the second of back-to-back games. One night after having their five-game win streak snapped in Los Angeles, the Golden Knights earned their season-high fifth straight home win while improving to 13-2-1 at home, tying Tampa Bay and the New York Islanders for the most home wins this season. ""There’s no doubt there’s a confidence and composure to the group that, no matter the situation, we know what our game looks like when we’re playing well and we’re not,"" Vegas coach Peter DeBoer said. ""I think the guys have the ability to get back to that game when we need to."" Vince Dunn scored for the Blues, who were playing their fourth road game in six days. Binnington finished with 30 saves. ""Basically it boils down to they wanted the game more than us,"" St. Louis coach Craig Berube said. ""They dug in more, won more puck battles, made more plays, skated better. That’s why they won the game."" The Golden Knights scored first when Marchessault gathered the puck off a faceoff on the right dot, and from a bad angle, was able to sneak one under Binnington for his ninth goal of the season. Vegas, which has outscored opponents 28-15 in the first period this season, has now allowed just five goals in the opening frame in the last 20 games. The Blues got on the scoreboard midway through the second, when Dunn skated in and collected a loose puck after Lehner kicked out a wraparound attempt by Vladimir Tarasenko and fired a shot through traffic and into the far top corner, tying the game 1-1. It was St. Louis’ first second-period goal in three games. The Blues have been outscored in the middle frame 37-31 this season. It took only 80 seconds for the Golden Knights to break the tie, as Stone’s attempt to center the puck ricocheted off Jaden Schartz’s skate. Stone gathered the puck and fired it off Dunn’s shin pad and past Binnington to put Vegas back in front. Karlsson and Stone added power-play goals late in the third period, after Kolesar’s milestone goal, to ice the game for Vegas. ""If you look at the way we’ve been playing the last month or two, our record is really good,"" Stone said. ""We’re winning in different areas. That’s what good teams do; we find ways to win hockey games. Tonight, we played our fifth game in eight days, coming in on a back-to-back with travel. We had to play smart, and I thought we did a good job. Third period, I thought we got our legs and pounded four lines out the door."" MAKE UP Monday’s game was a make-up from Jan. 28, after Golden Knights’ defenseman Alex Pietrangelo, and a member of the Vegas coaching staff entered the NHL’s COVID protocols. PK PERFECTION Vegas’ penalty kill, which came into the game tied for sixth in the league, stopped St. Louis on both of its power-play opportunities. ORIGINAL MISFITS Vegas’ original top line of Marchessault, Karlsson and Reilly Smith has played together since the Golden Knights’ expansion year, when the team was labeled the Golden Misfits. The trio is approaching 600 points combined as Golden Knights, now at 585. Marchessault has 204 points, Karlsson has 203, and Smith has 178. Only six other trios have ever hit 600 points in their first four years with a franchise. MILESTONES Vegas’ Shea Theodore registered his 100th assist with the Golden Knights. St. Louis’ Robert Bortuzzo is now one game shy of playing in his 400th career game. UP NEXT St. Louis: Closes out its five-game trip at Minnesota on Thursday. Vegas: Opens a two-game series in Colorado on Thursday. ",734,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886235950,2021-03-23 07:20:00,It's Time To Free Data From Storage To Unlock The Full Potential Of Multicloud Applications,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbestechcouncil/2021/03/23/its-time-to-free-data-from-storage-to-unlock-the-full-potential-of-multicloud-applications/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"shapecharge Businesses have lots of good reasons to adopt cloud-native applications, but for the DevOps teams actually building them, it comes down to letting developers focus on building great applications without worrying about where or how the app will run. They expect to specify high-level requirements as objectives (""I need this level of performance,"" ""I need to connect to these services...""), and cloud-native orchestration tools like Kubernetes just make it happen. But there's one piece of the cloud-native puzzle that Kubernetes still hasn't nailed: persistent data. Everything else in modern applications is fast, flexible and portable across clouds. Using ""serverless"" compute, for instance, developers know their workloads will run in one cloud just as well as another. They don't need to refactor anything if the underlying infrastructure changes; as long as they're working with standard instruction sets, everything just works. But that's not how it is with data. Data is still stubbornly tied to a specific storage infrastructure in a specific place, forcing code to explicitly access it. This would be inconvenient enough if there was one kind of storage and one way to navigate it, but there's not. One vendor's storage works very differently from another's by design. Add this to the effort it takes to copy data from one place to another, and it just becomes easier to run apps closer to the data. This has been lovingly termed ""data gravity."" While other parts of the hybrid-cloud are transparent and interchangeable (compute and network), data is still locked up in storage, making it difficult to work with. In practice, this results in calls to IT, asking them to move or copy data stores, creating more data sprawl. And the agile, automated flow of development that Kubernetes was supposed to enable grinds to a halt. Data gravity isn't a new problem. The industry has been trying to tackle it for years without much success. Why has this issue been so intractable? Two reasons: We're trying to solve the wrong problem, and we're asking the wrong people to solve it. Storage Vendors Can't Fix Data Gravity Envisioning Storageless Data Despite our longstanding inability to fix data gravity, it's not hard to imagine what a solution looks like. We need a kind of middleman between the Kubernetes tools developers use to orchestrate data and the data itself—something that abstracts away the complexities of different storage infrastructures in different clouds. If we're going to eliminate the need to constantly move huge data stores around (and the costs and delays that come with it), this abstraction layer should work with lightweight, portable metadata descriptors rather than the data itself. Developers should be able to use the same high-level, declarative approaches they use with compute—specifying the desired end state and letting Kubernetes do the heavy lifting to achieve it. And they should be able to build their apps to speak standard protocols so they can run in one cloud just as well as another. What can developers expect from orchestration enabled by storageless data? It sounds like an ambitious vision, but it shouldn't. After all, this is already how Kubernetes works when it comes to an application's compute and network needs. We don't need some big technical revolution; we just need to refocus on what matters: data, not storage. By untethering data from storage, we can free cloud-native applications to be as fast, flexible and portable as they should be. ",567,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886255063,2021-03-23 07:11:59,"Avalanche win 7th straight, rout Coyotes 5-1",https://www.foxnews.com/sports/avalanche-win-7th-straight-rout-coyotes-5-1,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. Philipp Grubauer, playing in his 200th NHL game, stopped 24 shots for Colorado. In net throughout the winning streak, Grubauer set a career high with his 19th victory of the season. ""(Grubauer) is doing a nice job of making key saves at key times,"" Avalanche coach Jared Bednar said. ""He had to make two really good saves in the first period. He hasn’t had a lot of work but he has a knack of really staying focused."" Grubauer leads the league in shutouts with five and came within 3:41 of a sixth in this one. CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM Joonas Donskoi had two late goals, including an empty-netter, with Tyson Jost assisting on both. Pierre-Eduoard Bellemare and Nazem Kadri also tallied for the Avalanche, who have outscored opponents 32-8 during their winning streak. Coyotes captain Oliver Ekman-Larsson scored his first goal of the season late in the third period. Rantanen has 10 goals this month, most in the NHL. ""I don’t go to the game and think that I have to score. Usually when you do that it doesn’t happen,"" Rantanen said. ""We’re getting a lot of bounces — myself and as a team, too."" Bellemare opened the scoring for Colorado, taking a feed in front from Matt Calvert behind the net to beat goalie Antii Raanta high at 14:22 of the first period. Just 68 seconds later, Rantanen scored from the left side for a two-goal lead. Nathan MacKinnon and Gabriel Landeskog assisted. Kadri scored his 10th of the season midway through the second period — dominated by Colorado — to make it 3-0. Arizona finally got on the board with Ekman-Larsson’s power-play goal with 3:41 left. Kadri was off for holding. DESERT STORM Colorado also won its previous two games in Gila River Arena, beating the Coyotes on Feb. 26 and 27. MEDICAL REPORT Arizona defenseman Niklas Hjalmarsson exited after two periods with an upper-body injury. Coyotes coach Rick Tocchet had no update following the game. AVALANCHE OF SHOTS Colorado outshot the Coyotes 21-9 in the second and only some strong work by Raanta kept Arizona within range. Raanta came in facing an average of 37 shots per 60 minutes, the highest rate in the league, and faced 34 more on Monday. He finished with 30 saves. MILESTONE Coyotes defenseman Alex Goligoski played in his 900th career game. A second-round draft pick by Pittsburgh in 2004, he also has played for Dallas. Goligoski, 35, made his NHL debut in 2007 and played for the Penguins’ Stanley Cup winner in 2009. UP NEXT The teams meet again Tuesday night in Arizona. ",450,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886235942,2021-03-23 07:20:00,The Four C's Of Adding New Revenue Streams To Your Service Business,https://www.forbes.com/sites/theyec/2021/03/23/the-four-cs-of-adding-new-revenue-streams-to-your-service-business/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty Adding new streams of revenue to your home improvement or service business can provide a variety of benefits. Seasonal businesses can benefit from additional revenue in their slow periods, allowing them to keep key staff employed, maintain market relevance, keep closer contact with their clients and make use of assets that would otherwise be immobile. However, if new streams of revenue aren’t evaluated or added properly, they can cause incredible headaches or even jeopardize the success of an existing profitable business.  As entrepreneurs, we’re hard-wired to look for the next best thing, the bright shiny opportunity. So when we go to a leadership conference and hear all about inspiring speaker A or the golden nugget from panelist B, our minds race to “How can I do this whole new thing?” But before we race off into a whole new revenue stream, we have to stop and think about how it will impact our existing business. Do you need this new thing, or are you just bored? My team and I use the 4C model: • Customer: Who do I want my customer to be? • Convenience: How convenient is it for me to enter this new revenue stream with my existing assets? • Cash Flow: Can I finance this new revenue stream? How does the cash flow cycle from my existing revenue stream(s)? • Cross Sale: How can this new revenue stream benefit my existing one(s)? Let’s look at Mary. Mary had a very successful window-washing business in the greater Toronto area. She had just celebrated 10 years in business. Every year she cleaned thousands of homes, and the phone rang off the hook. Google reviews were great, and she was personally almost obsolete in her business. It was easy; it just worked. Sure, they had their challenges like everyone else, but overall, it was great.  Now, one day Mary goes to some leadership conference; she gets all inspired and she goes back to her office with a brilliant idea. Every year customers ask her to repair broken gutters or to do whole replacements on older homes. Every now and then she’ll send a crew over to the local hardware store to get supplies and fix some odds and ends, but she never marketed it as a service they offer. But what if she did? Oh, the opportunity!  Mary goes out and does her homework. She invests a few thousand dollars in the website and Google ads, and she hires a pro installer at a rate a little more expensive than a regular window washer. He’s the expert, after all. He comes with a shopping list, including a twenty-foot cube van with specialized tools and equipment. It’s a huge price tag, but if you’re going to do something, you have to do it right. And, he comes with contacts! Homebuilders! They can open up a whole new market for gutter work and window washing. Mary jumped headfirst into a new business that made sense on paper — customers were already asking for the service, after all. But she has inherited a ton of headaches. Let’s look at our model: Customer Mary is still servicing homeowners, her core revenue group. But has she really thought about what kinds of homeowners hire window washers and what kinds of customers buy gutter replacements? People in large new homes with steep, dangerous roofs hire window washers. People in shorter, older homes with gutters that are falling off hire gutter repair companies. Homebuilders also open Mary to an entirely new client group; is that good or bad? Convenience Mary needs to consider two things: What assets do I need, and what do I need to learn? Mary had to make huge investments in assets, and instead of taking the time to learn it herself, she hired an expert. Is she comfortable with that amount of risk? Cash Flow Homeowners pay when you’re done, right? Well, in window washing, that works for Mary. But in gutter repair, she might need to buy materials in bulk before she gets jobs from clients. She’s never had to do that for window washing. Can she sustain buying raw inventory before she sells it? Cross Sale The most often overlooked C is cross sale. Can gutter repair and installation clients turn into window washing clients? Odds are, if Mary is looking to add something new to her business, her existing revenue model is profitable. Can this new revenue stream feed her new one? Overcoming the entrepreneur's tendency to seek out the next best thing can be a real challenge for the most ambitious personalities. Stopping and using the 4C model to evaluate the opportunity can provide focus and an awareness of the level of risk required to be successful and, ultimately, help you avoid costly mistakes.  ",798,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886223999,2021-03-23 06:48:12,Fire tears through nursing home in New York suburb,https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/fire-tears-through-nursing-home-new-york-suburb-n1261790,en,False,,25499,NBC News,http://www.nbcnews.com,"Sections tv Featured More From NBC Follow NBC News A huge fire at a New York assisted-living facility Tuesday left one resident dead and several others injured, according to fire officials. One firefighter was unaccounted for as of Tuesday morning. The blaze at Evergreen Court Home for Adults in Spring Valley, about 30 miles north of New York City, started around 1 a.m., police said. When firefighters arrived, large flames were already tearing through the building, and responders started to evacuate residents. About 20 residents and two firefighters were taken to area hospitals, Christopher Kear, a Rockland County fire official, said. One resident was pronounced dead at the hospital and several others had injuries described as serious, he said. One of the firefighters was released. The missing firefighter went to the third floor to rescue someone and ""got lost in the conditions,"" Kear said. About 120 people live at the home, but officials were still trying to figure out how many were in the facility at the time of the fire. The building was a total loss, Kear added. He said it was too early to comment on the cause of the fire. Gov. Andrew Cuomo directed the state Department of Health to help transfer more than 100 residents to other facilities Tuesday. He also deployed the Division of Homeland Security and Emergency Services to assist with the investigation into the fire. State police officers are helping collect evidence. ""On behalf of the family of New York, my heart breaks for those who lost loved ones in the fire, and we pray that anyone else involved is safe,"" Cuomo said in a statement. ""The State will continue providing whatever support is needed to ensure that happens."" Elisha Fieldstadt is a breaking news reporter for NBC News. Kurt Chirbas is a senior editor for NBC News based in New York. Yasmine Salam is a researcher in the NBC News Investigative Unit. © 2021 NBC UNIVERSAL ",324,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886235933,2021-03-23 07:20:00,The Intersection Of Business Leaders And Improvement In Education Equity,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinessdevelopmentcouncil/2021/03/23/the-intersection-of-business-leaders-and-improvement-in-education-equity/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty There are many examples of how the entrepreneurial role creates innovation in our society. It follows, then, that the differences in risk-taking or effort may lead to different outcomes and contribute to inequity all over the world. Any solution to address inequity therefore cannot be to restrict the development of entrepreneurs because it may lead to the reversion of means — or a race to the bottom. But business leaders can support equal access to opportunities for everyone by improving equity in education. For all of the household spending, education enables a person to improve continuously and achieve their full potential in life. This is because education is linked to employment and provides a means of livelihood and access to lifelong opportunities. I believe it is imperative to find ways to invest in people and improve equal access to opportunities so that starting disadvantages can be overcome — instead of multiplying throughout a person’s life. How can business leaders be involved in improving equity in education? My work at a company, which focuses on digital education, training, certification and talent solutions, has given me a unique perspective on ways to improve opportunities for individuals while providing relevant talent to further a business’ mission. In this article, I will discuss three non-exhaustive strategies. Partner With Schools And Serve As Mentors First, it's important to recognize every child is different. An education system will ideally be more flexible and include diverse passions, talents and aspirations of students, covering both academic and non-academic areas. Students will benefit from a broad-based and holistic education that gives them a strong foundation, helps them to discover their interests later in life and develops deep skills to earn a living in a specific profession or role. Business leaders can add to the in-classroom experience by partnering with schools to serve as mentors or role models to students. Their expertise and knowledge can help students form a long-range view of growth and character development. It can also help prepare them to face the continuous disruption that spurs jobs of the future. Through rich learning experiences in and out of the classroom, students will have the resilience and character to pursue their aspirations to their fullest potential and embrace challenges that will surely come with life. Bring Work-Based Practice To School-Based Learning While subject- and disciplinary-based education may help students to build up a strong foundation, real-world problems are often ill-defined and multifaceted and therefore require interdisciplinary skills to solve. Aside from efforts to broaden the curriculum, increase multi- and inter-disciplinarity in the curricula and teaching, and train teachers to help students to better develop the ability to synthesise and apply knowledge, skills, and insights, business leaders can also help. Leaders can be more involved in integrating school-based learning with work-based practice, thereby helping support experiential learning and problem-based pedagogy. Internships or apprenticeships can provide business opportunities to students and broaden their horizons to real-world problems. In the same way, business leaders can pick up talents early and approach wicked problems in new ways, free of day-to-day operational bias or burden. Improve Diversity In Education, Training Pathways And The Hiring Process While we cannot ensure equal outcomes, more can be done to address unequal opportunities for everyone. The education system and job markets have an opportunity to provide more diverse and variated pathways — with minimum roadblocks. For example, at the post-secondary level — as we move toward increased emphasis on skills — businesses, governments and educational institutions could collaborate to satisfy prerequisites for further education and training by recognizing relevant prior learning. Companies also have a critical role to play by ensuring a fair and transparent hiring process. Jobs are demand-driven. Inequity in access to opportunities will perpetuate unless employers expand their hiring scope to recognize, hire and advance talents based on achievements, skills and competencies — regardless of background. Leaders at companies can start by auditing their hiring and advancement process to ensure it focuses on relevant factors that have a direct impact on performance. Bias affects all of us. We can reduce it by probing all candidates with the same set of questions and scoring them on consistent criteria. You can further reduce unconscious bias by including colleagues with different backgrounds in the interview. This will allow for a more informed decision.  The best time to get involved was yesterday. The next best time is now. ",732,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886223997,2021-03-23 04:31:00,Three-quarters of Americans support LGBTQ nondiscrimination laws,https://www.nbcnews.com/feature/nbc-out/three-quarters-americans-support-lgbtq-nondiscrimination-laws-n1261777,en,False,,25499,NBC News,http://www.nbcnews.com,"Sections tv Featured More From NBC Follow NBC News Less than 1 in 5 (19 percent) opposed such protections. Support was strongest among Democrats (85 percent) and independents (79 percent), but it also included a majority (62 percent) of Republicans. Broad majorities in nearly every religious group favor protections for LGBTQ people, with the largest among white Catholics (77 percent), Mormons (78 percent), Jews (79 percent), Hispanic Catholics (81 percent), white mainline Protestants (82 percent) and the religiously unaffiliated (82 percent). White evangelical Protestants, the group least likely to favor nondiscrimination laws, endorsed them by nearly 2 to 1 (62 percent to 32 percent). Regional differences proved relatively small: People who live in urban (77 percent) and suburban (77 percent) areas are slightly more supportive than those who live in rural areas (70 percent). ""The data is clear: the vast majority of Americans support LGBTQ nondiscrimination protections no matter where they live, the party they belong to, or the church they belong to,"" PRRI research director Natalie Jackson said in a statement. Since 2015, the largest increase in support has come among Black people, which grew from 65 percent to 75 percent, and white mainline Protestants, which rose from 73 percent to 82 percent, according to the data. The survey also found that about three-fifths (61 percent) of respondents opposed allowing small businesses to turn away gay and lesbian customers on religious grounds. From 2016 to 2019, opposition to religious refusal laws declined, from 61 percent to 56 percent. The new survey shows opposition returning to 2016 levels. The ""slim minority"" of people (7 percent) who consistently hold unfavorable views toward LGBTQ policies ""are older, more likely to be Republicans, feel more favorably toward former president Donald Trump, and are more likely to be white and white Christian than the American population and those who are in favor of these pro-LGBTQ policies,"" according to the report. The margin of error for the survey’s total sample is plus or minus 0.5 percentage points at the 95 percent confidence level. The margin of error for the national issue subsample, or the results from questions about specific issues, is plus or minus 1.1 percentage points at the 95 percent confidence level. As senators consider their votes for the Equality Act, Jackson said, ""they should pay attention to the fact that Americans — including Republicans — are very much on board with the principles of the legislation."" Rep. David Cicilline D-R.I., who introduced the measure in the House, said he wasn't surprised by the latest figures from PRRI. ""Most Americans would be shocked to learn that LGBTQ equality isn't already the law of the land,"" Cicilline said in an email. ""However, in too many states, members of the LGBTQ community can still legally be kicked out of their apartment, kicked off a jury or denied service in a bank, because of their sexual orientation or gender identity. The civil rights laws of this country need to be expanded to protect LGBTQ Americans from discrimination and the American people are behind us."" Republicans in the Senate have promised to fight the measure, which received a hearing Wednesday in the Judiciary Committee. © 2021 NBC UNIVERSAL ",530,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886238361,2021-03-23 07:27:06.241123,"A UFO report may soon be public — and it’ll be big, a former Trump official says",https://www.washingtonpost.com/national-security/2021/03/23/ufo-report-covid-bill/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_homepage,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"It also dealt with ... UFOs. The stipulation mandates that the director of national intelligence work with the secretary of defense on a report detailing everything the government knows about unidentified flying objects — known in agency lingo as “unidentified aerial phenomena” or “anomalous aerial vehicles.” It must be made public, and when it is, it will be big, former intelligence director John Ratcliffe said in a recent interview. “Frankly, there are a lot more sightings than have been made public,” Ratcliffe told Fox News host Maria Bartiromo on Friday. It also calls for “a detailed description of an interagency process” that will ensure that data can be gathered and analyzed across the federal government. The report could document sightings from “all over the world,” Ratcliffe said. “There are instances where we don’t have good explanations for some of the things that we’ve seen,” he added. “And when that information becomes declassified, I’ll be able to talk a little bit more about that.” That time could be coming soon. When Trump approved the spending package on Dec. 27, a 180-day countdown began, giving intelligence officials until June to deliver lawmakers their write-up. However, two factors might delay the report’s release: Agencies have missed similar congressional reporting deadlines in the past; and the provision is not technically binding, as the language was included in the Senate Intelligence Committee’s report on the bill, not the bill itself. “In other words, it isn’t statute, but the agencies/departments generally treat report language as bill language,” said one senior Senate aide familiar with the legislation. How angry pilots got the Navy to stop dismissing UFO sightings The office of Sen. Mark R. Warner (D-Va.), chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee, declined to comment on the UFO report. A spokesperson for the intelligence director’s office said “we have nothing to offer.” “The U.S. needs to take a serious, scientific look at this and any potential national security implications,” he said. “The American people deserve to be informed.” The increasingly vocal crowd of space watchers is eagerly awaiting the forthcoming intelligence agency report. Some of them say that studying UFOs is essential to the country’s security. “The bottom line is if there are things flying over your military bases and you don’t know what they are because they aren’t yours and they are exhibiting — potentially — technologies that you don’t have at your own disposal, that to me is a national security risk and one that we should be looking into,” Rubio said. In the Fox News interview, Ratcliffe described the sightings this way: “We are talking about objects that have been seen by Navy or Air Force pilots, or have been picked up by satellite imagery, that frankly engage in actions that are difficult to explain, movements that are hard to replicate, that we don’t have the technology for or are traveling at speeds that exceed the sound barrier without a sonic boom.” “There’s actually quite a few of those,” he added. “And I think that that information is being gathered and will be put out in a way the American people can see.” He received more than 850 replies. Read more: An Atlanta victim’s husband survived the attack, but police detained and handcuffed him for hours Sheriff under fire after calling 911 on a ‘threat’ — a Black man delivering newspapers A county prosecutor has been demoted for side hustling with DoorDash during the pandemic The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",588,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886235925,2021-03-23 07:20:02,Brazilian Proptech Loft Hits $2.2 Billion Valuation With $425 Million Series D Round,https://www.forbes.com/sites/angelicamarideoliveira/2021/03/23/brazilian-proptech-loft-hits-22-billion-valuation-with-425-million-series-d-round/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Loft's founders, Mate Pencz and Florian Hagenbuch: IPO and international expansion in the horizon  ""We'd been building our online capabilities and consumers were already using these tools and products. But they had less applicability in the pre pandemic world than in the post Covid world,"" the entrepreneur said. ""The acceleration seen in the general e-commerce spaceover the last few months was the realization of our thesis, to bring a a new solution for the real estate market that would end the pain [of the home buying and selling process]."" ""We were very well positioned at the end of 2020, and started drawing the attention of several funds and investors, who until then had not paid so much attention to our thesis"", he added. The founder is referring to the company's belief that the process of buying or selling property online would become just as straightforward as buying groceries on the Internet - according to Pencz, Brazilians currently have to go through over 190 steps from the start of the journey with visits to the property, until its conclusion, with the deed registration. By offering an end-to-end digital experience, the firm has seen a 28-fold increase in business in 2020 in relation to the prior year and the client base went from 85 in 2019 to 2,500 last year. The growth is part due to the introduction of the marketplace, as well as the iBuyer model, whereby the company buys and renovates properties before selling them. ""People already bought things via e-commerce, but mostly smaller, recurring items. Now, the digitalization trend will mean that e-commerce will serve all types of physical goods, and this is extending to the real estate market as well"", Pencz noted. According to the entrepreneur, Loft's latest valuation could have been ""a lot higher"" and its Series D round was the most sought-after round in the startup's history. ""We managed to create a syndicate of funds that complement each other. We have two of the largest pension and sovereign funds, as well as some of the biggest publicly traded and private equity funds in the world"", said the cofounder, adding that investors felt safer this time around. ""In the last three investment rounds, in a way, [Loft] still had a lot more risk around execution and market-fit. [Investors could ask], 'will this company be successful?'. Those uncertainties no longer existed in the latest round"", he added. ""Most of these [new investors] don't tend to back private companies; they usually go for publicly listed businesses"", the founder pointed out, adding that the new backers expect Loft will also go public in a medium to long-term horizon. With the new cash, the company will be focusing on improving the customer experience in its digital marketplace and focus on density, so having as many properties available to show customers in the cities where its operates as possible. The startup also plans on expanding beyond São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro, where it already operates with 15,000 properties listed. ""If the [property buying and selling process] had less friction, people would move around more. We know from our own research that everyone who lives in Brazil has horrific anecdotal experiences of how complex the experience of moving was"", Pencz argued. ""With this experience becoming more efficient, as we see in more developed markets the market become more dynamic, people move more, and end up living less time in suboptimal conditions."" ",571,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886223992,2021-03-23 05:20:54,Federal agency raises 'concern' about AstraZeneca vaccine trial data,https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/astrazeneca-covid-vaccine-trial-data-prompts-concern-federal-agency-says-n1261789,en,False,,25499,NBC News,http://www.nbcnews.com,"Sections tv Featured More From NBC Follow NBC News Results from AstraZeneca's recent Covid-19 vaccine trial ""may have included outdated information"" that ""provided an incomplete view of the efficacy data,"" a federal health institute said early Tuesday. Interim analysis of the trial showed the vaccine made by AstraZeneca and Oxford University was safe and 100 percent effective in stopping severe and fatal cases of Covid-19, AstraZeneca said. After months of questions about the shot's safety and efficacy, these results were seen as a boost and the first step toward it being approved in the U.S., perhaps as early as April. But later Monday, the NIAID said it was notified by the Data and Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB), a panel of independent experts that reviews safety and efficacy data for vaccines in the United States, about a ""concern"" relating to the data included in AstraZeneca's trial. ""We urge the company to work with the DSMB to review the efficacy data and ensure the most accurate, up-to-date efficacy data be made public as quickly as possible,"" the NIAID said. In response, AstraZeneca said in a statement that the Phase 3 trial results released Monday were based on data with a cut-off point of Feb. 17. It said it would ""immediately engage"" with the DSMB and share the most up-to-date efficacy data within 48 hours. The NIAID did not provide any more information on how the outdated and incomplete data might affect the trial results for this vaccine, which has been taken by tens of millions of people around the world and approved or given emergency approval in more than 70 countries. The agency did not suggest this shot is anything other than safe and effective against Covid-19. Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the NIAID and President Joe Biden's chief medical adviser, said on ABC's ""Good Morning America"" on Tuesday that it was ""really what you call an unforced error because the fact is this is very likely a very good vaccine."" He added that ""this kind of thing does ... nothing but really cast some doubt about the vaccines and maybe contribute to the hesitancy."" Like other experts, he noted that it was rare and perhaps even unprecedented to see such an open disagreement between a drugmaker and the country hosting and funding the clinical trial. Though the U.S. is now using vaccines made by Pfizer, Moderna and Johnson & Johnson, the results released Monday had provided a wider reassurance about the AstraZeneca shot. But instead these concerns will come as yet another setback for this vaccine, which despite positive results in clinical trials and real-world studies has run into some negative public relations issues. Download the NBC News app for the latest news on the coronavirus European countries had said there was not enough data to approve the vaccine for people over 65, before reversing that call, too, after studies suggested it was in fact very effective. Alexander Smith is a senior reporter for NBC News Digital based in London. © 2021 NBC UNIVERSAL ",502,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886256286,2021-03-23 07:08:23,"Boulder’s assault weapons ban, meant to stop mass shootings, was blocked 10 days before grocery store attack",https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2021/03/23/guns-boulder-shooting-assault-weapons-ban/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_national,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"The city of Boulder, Colo., barred assault weapons in 2018 as a way to prevent mass shootings like the one that killed 17 at a high school in Parkland., Fla., earlier that year. In announcing the arrest Tuesday of the suspected 21-year-old gunman — who has been charged with 10 counts of murder in the first degree — investigators determined that the suspect had purchased a Ruger AR-556 pistol on March 16, according to the arrest affidavit. No other details were released as to when or how the suspect obtained the AR-15-style firearm six days before the shooting, or whether the gun was used at the King Soopers grocery store. Police have yet to say whether the ordinance would have prevented him from buying or possessing the weapon within city limits. Boulder City Attorney Tom Carr declined to comment to The Washington Post, but pointed to language in the city’s code on assault weapons suggesting that the AR-556 pistol linked to the suspected shooter would have been included in the ban that was recently overturned. Rachel Friend, a city council member, said the events that led to a mass shooting unfolding shortly after a judge blocked the weapons ban left her frustrated and overwhelmed with sadness. “I am still too numb or in shock to say how this happened so quickly on the heels of it being struck down — except to say this is why we wanted to pass the ban in the first place,” Friend told The Post. “It hurts.” The Colorado State Shooting Association, one of the plaintiffs that sued Boulder over the assault weapons ban, rejected that sentiment, arguing in a statement that “emotional sensationalism” about gun laws would cloud remembrance of the victims. “There will be a time for the debate on gun laws,” the group said in a statement. “But today is not the time.” Though the weapon linked to the suspected gunman is modeled after AR-15-style semiautomatic rifles and includes similar mechanisms, ammunition and magazines, there are some key differences, such as how quickly and easily they can be purchased. AR-15-style pistols have much shorter barrels than their rifle counterparts and don’t use traditional stocks. The barrel length for the weapon implicated in Boulder is around 10 inches, or about half-a-foot shorter than its rifle cousin. The National Firearms Act regulates short barrel rifles differently than regular rifles because they can be concealed in a bag or under a coat easier than a long rifle, according to a former special agent with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. Buying a short barrel rifle requires a lengthy background check that could take months that includes fingerprints, a photo, purchase from a specialized dealer and a $200 tax, according to the former agent, who spoke on the condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the issue. But AR-15 pistols aren’t defined as short-barrel rifles after gun manufacturers made specific designs to skirt definitions of what makes a rifle a rifle, he said. AR-15 pistols are also deadlier than a typical handgun because they fire more powerful rifle rounds at a higher velocity than slower pistol rounds, such as 9mm bullets. “It’s treated just like a Glock,” he said. “But it’s not just a Glock.” According to the affidavit, witnesses interviewed by authorities said that the suspect had been talking about and playing around with a gun in the days before the shooting. The three-year court fight over Boulder’s ordinance seems likely to preview a similar public debate over whether new gun-control measures are warranted after the latest attack in a part of the country that has seen many such incidents. In mourning the 10 victims Tuesday, President Biden called on the Senate to pass two background-check bills already approved by the House and for Congress to reenact an assault-weapons ban. The earliest of those incidents, as well as the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida in 2018, pushed Boulder officials to take action. Some said they wanted to prevent a similar massacre from occurring again. It also established a permit system for people who had previously owned any of those guns and banned large-capacity magazines, which it defined as “any ammunition-feeding device with the capacity to accept more than 10 rounds.” “If you look at most of the mass shootings, the guns were purchased legally,” Carr said. “I see this as an ordinance that throws in one more barrier to someone who’s contemplating such a horrible act.” The “need for statewide uniformity favors the state’s interest in regulating assault weapons,” Hartman wrote. He said Boulder’s ordinance “could create a ripple effect across the state” by encouraging other municipalities to pass their own bans. The day after Hartman’s ruling, city officials instructed Boulder police to stop enforcing the ban. Carr, the city attorney, declined to comment on whether he planned to appeal the decision. But in the wake of the Boulder shooting, gun violence prevention advocates said the importance of preserving such a ban had only become more evident. Colorado State Rep. Tom Sullivan (D), who ran for office after his son Alex was killed in the Aurora movie theater shooting, said he helped lobby the statehouse in Denver for background checks and magazine limits. Neither Congress nor the state legislature, he noted, had the political capital to go as far as Boulder City Council. “The assault weapons put the ‘mass’ in the ‘shootings,’ ” Sullivan, who wore a jacket honoring his late son in the state Capitol on Tuesday, told The Post. “That’s what gets the numbers up. That’s what gets the assault weapons that were able to fire as many rounds as were fired. And Friend, a longtime gun violence prevention advocate, said she hoped real change could come after the shooting in Boulder, despite losing the lives of ten people. “I really want us to not continue to let this happen to communities,” she said to The Post. “We’re reeling and it hurts to be here right now. But I don’t see why we can’t change that for the future.” Annie Gowen contributed to this report. The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",1036,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886235916,2021-03-23 07:22:32,B.1.1.7 Variant Found In Animals—Are People At Risk Of Catching A Covid-19 Variant From Their Pets?,https://www.forbes.com/sites/robertglatter/2021/03/23/b117-variant-found-in-animals-are-people-at-risk-of-catching-a-covid-19-variant-from-their-pets/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"New data from two reports last week open up concern whether Covid-19 variants aren’t just an issue in people.  The reports provide the first evidence that dogs and cats can become infected by the concerning variant, B.1.1.7, now believed to be responsible for up to 30% of cases of infection in people, according to Dr. Fauci. B.1.1.7 is not only more transmissible, but also more deadly—up to 64% in a recent study.  Over 450 animals in the Brazos County area of Texas have been tested in the Texas A&M study since June of 2020. All animals lived in a household where at least one family member tested positive for COVID-19. To date, of the more than 60 animals confirmed with SARS-CoV-2 infection, less than 25% displayed signs of disease around the time of the owner’s diagnosis—most commonly including sneezing, coughing, diarrhea, or being less active than normal. Researchers also reported that all symptomatic animals recovered without any need for veterinary care. The finding argues for the importance of having protocols in place for monitoring the SARS-CoV-2 viral genome due to its ability to cross from one species to another, providing an advanced warning to monitor the spread of new variants as they spread through animal and human populations.  What’s clear is that B.117 was initially identified in the UK—the same place where some of the infected pets were found. As described above, the animals had myocarditis, an inflammatory condition of the heart tissue (muscle), which can leads to fluid around the heart (pericardial effusion), as well as heart failure in severe cases. While this was noted by the researchers, they did not offer direct evidence or proof that SARS-CoV-2 was ultimately responsible, or that it’s necessarily more transmissible or deadly in the animals. Thus far, the importance and relevance of these variants in pets has not been clear. While there have been over 124 million cases of Covid-19 globally, there have been relatively few pets testing positive for SARS-CoV-2, likely because there has not been significant testing of pets in general. Covid-19-infected pets have a variety of symptoms that range from mild to none, and the consensus among infectious disease specialists has been that companion pets (dogs and cats) are not likely to be playing a role in spreading Covid-19 to people.  But for now, the consensus among experts is that the findings from Texas A&M or the UK researchers should not be cause for alarm regarding pets placing their owners in danger. The risk remains low at this point in time. She cautioned that “as more variants emerge, we will likely find that our pets are susceptible to those strains as well. Because it has been confirmed that this virus spreads between people and their pets, it is imperative that people diagnosed with COVID-19 “socially distance” and mask when around their pets.”  “If there is no one else to walk and feed pets in a home with a diagnosed person, the infected person should mask when around their pets and keep them in another room. Infected persons should not sleep with their pets,” she added. “Symptoms in pets have been noted to be mild in pets, according to the CDC, and include sneezing, coughing and diarrhea. More study will be required to see if that is coincidental and more work will be required to determine if the pets were infected first then giving the infection to the owner—or, if the opposite is true,” explained Nelson. “Protecting pets from the potential of getting the virus and becoming ill would only require keeping the pet away from infected humans. The risk, as demonstrated by Texas A & M, has been demonstrated to be low, but it is unclear if pets can transmit the virus to us.” he added. Full coverage and live updates on the Coronavirus ",636,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886235907,2021-03-23 07:24:00,One Year Later: 8 Reflections From The Pandemic,https://www.forbes.com/sites/sap/2021/03/23/one-year-later-8-reflections-from-the-pandemic/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"By Helen Dwight, Global Head of Marketing, Intelligent Enterprise and Industries, SAP COVID-19 placed our focus squarely on family and loved ones. Despite the enormous and unimaginable loss of life and livelihood many have endured this year, there is light at the end of the pandemic tunnel, as vaccine distribution kicks into high gear. And while so much has changed over the past year, this global disruption presents an opportunity to take a step back and reflect. What lessons have we learned? Here are eight to consider. 1) Appreciate the moment We always knew it, but the last year confirmed it. We are fundamentally social creatures at heart, relying on each other for support, motivation, appreciation. Pre-pandemic, we were rushing towards the future, anticipating our next moves, and having a hard time staying in the moment.  For all the challenges that working from home and home-schooling provided, we did spend more time together. For some, with very young families it was a precious year, with parents able to experience first steps, words and experiences that would otherwise have been missed.  COVID-19 placed our focus squarely on family and loved ones. Where possible, we have taken more time to be with family. Whether that is visiting someone at a distance, playing a game on-line, watching a movie together or simply using Zoom, Teams or Facetime to chat.  2) Change is a constant, transform on your terms Now is the time for creativity, new solutions, failures, learnings and new approaches to dealing with old problems.  Businesses need the foundations in place to be agile and responsible to customer demands and prepare for future disruption.  3) Safety first   Decline in Global Air Passenger Traffic in 2020 Pre COVID, I was a frequent traveler – both for business and personal. Since April last year, I’ve flown only for essential family reasons.  It’s been a strange experience.  My thanks to the airlines, for putting passenger safety first, and for putting precautions in place to minimize the spread of the virus. On my most recent flight, I saw signs of the airline starting to put the ‘frills’ back into the experience.  Air travel might change, but it won’t stop. There are many individuals who cannot wait to travel again. Question is when, and where? And what will the new standard be? After every terrible event in aviation, we learn. Protocols change.  Will we see a continued focus on cleanliness in the friendly skies and carbon emission reduction as key differentiators and value propositions for an airline to garner your business? After all, who doesn’t want to arrive at their destination healthy? Selecting an airline based on their safety rating, cleanliness policies and, negative test requirements, will be key for as long as nations protect their borders, and their citizens.  4) Put the planet first  That in conjunction with businesses’ public commitments to reduce their carbon footprint will mean that options other than flying will be considered.  Flying is necessary for long distances, but what about the role of the car? As many companies start to shift to work from home or hybrid models, the role of the car is at risk.  With remote work a long-term possibility, the car is now the recreational travel vehicle for those that want to travel more locally or more sustainably.  Many people are rediscovering trains as a way to city hop. With reliable services, low carbon footprint, and no long security queues, taking the train for short and medium distances will become more popular.  Starting July 20, Austrian Airlines will partner with the Austrian national rail operator ÖOB and offer 31 rail connections per day up from the current three trains per day that are operating now. People who regularly fly business class will travel first class on the train. Therefore, they will be entitled to use the rail operators’ business lounge before departure. Passengers using the AIRail service will also get a voucher that they can redeem in the ÖBB restaurant car.  Many other European airlines are following suit, partnering with local rail services to offer airline style travel, but by train. In conjunction with existing hotel and car rental partnerships, airlines are becoming the new ‘travel agent’ Whilst the Oil and Gas industry would have needed to transform in the next few years the pandemic just accelerated this shift.  5) Rethinking education for individuals vs. the masses Social interaction plays a critical role in the ability of most youths to have a voice, to be heard, and to be motivated to learn. Long periods of home learning have seen even the most promising pupils ‘give up’ for, “after all, what is the point?”  Home education isn’t the future most want for their children, but there may be advantages we should consider as schools go back to normal. For instance, how about considering whether some pupils may do better with a different teacher, geography, or time zone.   The better the teacher and child relationship match, the better the results for all concerned. With technology, and virtual classrooms why not have smaller groups of individuals matched with a teacher that can support their style of learning? For example, can you mix individuals from different schools? Would this motivate pupils more?  Would it result in better cross-cultural understanding? Individuals from across the country or the globe sharing class time – time zone permitting?     If nothing else, we now have more individuals who could potentially be home schooled and take advantage of a hybrid learning approach. Clearly this relies on access to technology, denied to many children during this pandemic.  Whilst it shouldn’t be a permanent alternative to in-person learning there are huge benefits to a hybrid model, with schools embracing the opportunities digital learning could provide.  Students get the social interaction they need, but perhaps with smaller, focused class sizes. Lessons can be recorded for pupils to access for revision or catch up.  Pupils unable to attend school, but still well, could learn from home and access the same lesson as their class. Whilst everyone delights in seeing children return to school, let’s not lose the progress we made in “digitizing” education.  6) Experience matters   Some businesses just haven’t been able to fully digitize during the pandemic. For instance, theatres, sports, and live entertainment can’t recreate or substitute the experience of being there in person, but they have tried.  Take restaurants, most have valiantly switched to take-out, re-furbished outside spaces for outdoor dining and worked with delivery partners but restaurant owners are eager to welcome customers back to the indoor dining experience.  Restaurants are part of the fabric that makes a neighborhood thrive. Food is one of our basic needs and restaurant survival being determined popularity, great food, and a strong relationship with their customers before the pandemic started.  Ecommerce Sales as a percentage of total retail sales in the U.S. Whilst most of us want to retain many of the advances in cleanliness and sanitizing, stores need to bring back experiences, dining, entertainment, and advice. All good reasons to visit a store in person.  7) Fitness: A World Wide Audience  Annual gym memberships and subscriptions – are they a thing of the past? New business models have evolved such as ‘Mirror’, ‘Peloton’, ‘NordikTrak’, and Pro-Forma - that offer the same service in the comfort of your home, with virtual social interaction to provide the motivation necessary with the added benefit of being able to tap into a marketplace of skills.   The traditional gym will always have its place for many with additional facilities for swimming, tennis, squash and other sports as well as cafes for social interaction. But gym owners will need to move to a hybrid model, offering online as well as in person training and could consider a subscription/charge for use model for equipment, making it affordable and hassle free for members.  8) Whatever Your Industry - There Will Be Change A lot of lessons learnt in this past year. For governments especially. Many have managed to keep businesses open by locking down borders. For all the sacrifices that entails, life has gone on as near normal.  For businesses, who have had to think on their feet. Reinvent themselves and go on a journey they may have been ill prepared for.  For children and parents adjusting to home schooling and social lives on Zoom. The world has changed and whilst we are all looking forward to a return to “normality” let’s not forget the valuable lessons learned and the adjustments we’ve been able to make along the way, largely as a result of human creativity and digital transformation.  ",1417,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886256352,2021-03-23 00:24:29,"Renegade rodeo, Microsoft returns, Texas Roadhouse: News from around our 50 states",https://feeds.feedblitz.com/~/647418512/0/usatoday-newstopstories~Renegade-rodeo-Microsoft-returns-Texas-Roadhouse-News-from-around-our-states/,en,False,,4,USA Today,http://www.usatoday.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886256695,2021-03-23 06:36:55,NATO prepares ‘virus-free’ zone for summit; Biden invited,https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/nato-prepares-virus-free-zone-for-summit-biden-invited/2021/03/23/afbefa1e-8bc3-11eb-a33e-da28941cb9ac_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_world,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886256342,2021-03-23 06:26:34,Decade of the Woman,https://feeds.feedblitz.com/~/647393716/0/usatoday-newstopstories~Decade-of-the-Woman/,en,False,,4,USA Today,http://www.usatoday.com,"Her name is Nicole Lynn. If you don't already know about her, it's likely you will soon. Lynn is an agent and attorney and in 2019 she became only the third woman, and the first Black woman, to represent a top-three NFL draft pick when University of Alabama defensive lineman Quinnen Williams was picked third by the New York Jets. Lynn represents NFL players, football coaches, professional softball players, broadcasters and entertainers. “I wanted to do this but I never knew it was called a sports agent,"" Lynn told USA TODAY Sports. ""I wanted to work with athletes, I wanted to help them retain their wealth but I didn’t know that that was the name of a sports agent. I feel like this job is meant for the boy's club, specifically white males, and it is mostly because we didn’t know about it. ""The boundaries to entry are huge. I wanted to make sure everybody knew this is what I do, this is how I do it, and give them the steps to do it...my biggest goal is that when I look back in 20 years on my career people can say, ‘I became a sports agent because of you, because I saw it was possible.’” In 2020, across all of sports, women broke barriers. Sarah Fuller became the first woman to score in a major college football game. Becky Hammon became the first woman to serve as head coach during an NBA game. The WNBA and its players’ union announced a groundbreaking eight-year labor deal that raised salaries and guaranteed benefits to players on maternity leave. Kim Ng became MLB's first woman general manager.  What's become clear is that last year was a launching point for a significant movement. In 2021, and perhaps for the next 10 years, and beyond, women will likely continue what they began. ""I am honored to be selected as an NFL official,"" Chaka said in a statement. ""But this moment is bigger than a personal accomplishment. It is an accomplishment for all women, my community, and my culture."" The list was narrowed, and of course there are other worthy candidates, like South Carolina coach Dawn Staley, who turned the Gamecocks into a national power, reaching nine NCAA tournaments, and winning a national title. She's only the second Black woman coach to win a title after Purdue's Carolyn Peck. Yes, there are other key women, but these are our best. Early in her career Lynn admired Kelli Masters, an agent and a practicing attorney, and wants to positively impact them the way Masters did her.  “There might not be a seat at the table for them yet,"" Lynn said, ""but they can bring their own chair and they can make room. And hopefully one day, the whole table is ours.” During Women's History Month we look at what could be the Decade of the Woman. Here are some of the women who will make that happen: “Sarah Thomas has made history again as the first female Super Bowl official,” said NFL Executive Vice President of Football Operations Troy Vincent Sr. “Her elite performance and commitment to excellence has earned her the right to officiate the Super Bowl. Congratulations to Sarah on this well-deserved honor.” “I want to make sure I do a good job, be a good role model and show that it shouldn’t be unusual for a Black woman to be in a job like this,"" she said. ""I want to make sure I'm working and others are working to cultivate the second, third, fourth and fifth one that's coming. I want to make sure I'm not the last. I can't be the last, and I won't be the last. I know I won't be.” ""This challenge is one I don't take lightly,"" she said. ""When I got into this business, it seemed unlikely a woman would lead a major league team, but I am dogged in the pursuit of my goals.” She's established herself as one of the most powerful people across all of sports. Nichols was excited but also introspective when she was announced as general manager in January.   ""Finally. All my hard work paid off,"" Nichols told USA TODAY Sports. ""Then there was a little bit of, 'Now the pressure is on. What can I do to ensure that I am my most successful in this role?' The pressure is a mix of a couple of things. First and foremost, I am 28 years old and a lot of people in this position are older than me. So what can I do to stand out? What type of leader do I want to be? Will the guys respect me?"" ""I am a female. I have the pressure of succeeding in this role so that it can open up other opportunities for other young women one day."" “Don’t let a no or a closed-door detour you,"" Nichols said. ""Just keep chipping away at what you want and keep your head down and keep working. You will be surprised how your hard work and dedication to something will manifest into an opportunity for you out of nowhere.” “When I'm in a press conference and I'm asked, 'Simone, you champion diversity, inclusion and equality. Why is that important?' I genuinely believe that every other swimmer that is next to me, whether they’re white, Black, Asian, they need to answer that question,” Manuel said on USA TODAY Sports’ ""Changing the Game"" podcast.  “Because shouldn’t diversity, equality and inclusion be important to all of us? It can’t just be important to Black people.” “I have a great support system, but when it came to my career, I never really had people that were willing to reach back and help me,” Hovestadt told USA TODAY Sports. “I really just want to be the mentor and gather a bunch of other women in the industry to be the mentors that we wish we had. At the end of the day, if you are going to pass the baton or if you are going to empower the next generation, you have to be intentional with the position that you have been given.”  One of the ASAT mentors, MJ Acosta-Ruiz is the first and only Afro-Latina to host a show on NFL Network. ""A Seat At The Table was actually birthed from a dinner that MJ and I hosted,"" said Hovestadt, a dinner for a community of women in sports that further sparked the idea to make ASAT a more influential organization.  One of their most fearless acts was opposing the candidacy of former Georgia Senator Kelly Loeffler, who was co-owner of the Dream. Loeffler was an opponent of the Black Lives Matter movement and made a number of statements that were in direct contradiction to the WNBA's anti-racism message. So the Dream worked to get Loeffler's opponent in the run-off election, Raphael Warnock, elected instead of her. That's exactly what happened and it can be easily argued it wouldn't have without the Dream. Illustrations by Jake Lovett, USA TODAY Network ",1166,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886256336,2021-03-23 06:43:38,"A heap of Democratic bills on guns, immigration and women's rights are sitting in the Senate, where they need Republican support",https://feeds.feedblitz.com/~/647415130/0/usatoday-newstopstories~A-heap-of-Democratic-bills-on-guns-immigration-and-womens-rights-are-sitting-in-the-Senate-where-they-need-Republican-support/,en,False,,4,USA Today,http://www.usatoday.com,"WASHINGTON – House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., lauded all the bills the Democratic-led House passed in the first few months of 2021 as ""just wonderful"" on Friday. Since the new Congress started in January, the House has passed at least two dozen bills that now await Senate action. A number of these provisions address major Democratic aims on immigration, elections, women's rights and gun control. ""As a freshman, it is marvelous to be able to come to Congress and get stuff done with the Democrats,"" Rep. Teresa Leger-Fernandez, D-N.M., said at the news conference. But despite the celebratory feeling from some House Democrats, the bills face grim odds as they continue to accumulate at the Senate doors.  And though he is no longer the most powerful man in the Senate, and the GOP is in the minority, McConnell and Republicans have cast much doubt about the future of the legislation passed by the House. Why? Most of the legislation passed in the House was done largely along party lines and now faces a 50-50 Senate and a legislative hurdle called the filibuster, which requires 60 votes to overcome. This means that without at least 10 Senate Republicans joining all 50 Democrats, legislation will not make it to President Joe Biden’s desk to become law.  Schumer said Friday on ""The Late Show with Stephen Colbert"" that he prefers ""Republicans join us"" in passing the legislation.  ""And we will give them a chance, we’ll put things on the floor. Because there are a number of my colleagues that say let's give them a chance,"" he continued. But he said ""failure is not an option"" when asked about the filibuster. Slamming McConnell's ""legislative graveyard"" and calling the minority leader's warnings ""blustery threat credence"" Schumer said: ""We're not going to be diverted. We're not going to be deterred... Mitch McConnell can do all the threatening and bluster he wants. It's not going to stop us."" Here's some of the legislation the House has passed that now awaits action in the Senate.  The legislation would create a pathway for undocumented farmworkers to earn a green card. It would also create a process to earn temporary status as Certified Agricultural Workers for people who have worked at least 180 days in agriculture over the past two years. Spouses and children could also apply for temporary status under the act. The bill cleared the chamber in a bipartisan 247-174 vote. Thirty Republicans joined Democrats in voting for the bill. One Democrat, Rep Jared Golden of Maine, voted against the legislation. The legislation would create a pathway to citizenship for millions of ""Dreamers,"" undocumented immigrants brought to the U.S. as children. It would grant conditional permanent resident status for 10 years and cancel removal proceedings if people meet certain requirements. Those requirements include being physically present in the U.S. on or before Jan. 1, 2021, being 18 years old or younger on the initial date of entry into the U.S., and not having been convicted of crimes such as domestic violence, sexual assault or human trafficking. The American Dream and Promise Act passed 228-197. The House voted largely along party lines to remove the expired deadline for ratifying the Equal Rights Amendment for women: the proposal to enshrine equality for women in the U.S. Constitution. The ERA states, in part, “Equality of rights under the law shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of sex.”  The protections guaranteed by the ERA – providing specific protection for women as a class – are designed to end gender discrimination in broad segments, including employment, property rights and divorce. The ERA was passed by a majority-Democratic Congress on March 22, 1972, under President Richard Nixon. However, it failed to achieve ratification after it was sent to the states. To be added to the Constitution, the ERA needed approval by legislatures in three-fourths – or 38 of the 50 – states by March 1979. It received approval in only 35 states by that date. Recently, more states have approved the ERA — Nevada in 2017, Illinois in 2018 and Virginia in 2020 — reaching the minimum of 38 states required by Congress for addition to the Constitution. The 26-year-old law is aimed at reducing domestic and sexual violence, and expired in 2018 after Democrats and Republicans could not agree on changes. The latest version of the Violence Against Women Act passed the House by a vote of 244-172, with 29 Republicans joining their Democratic colleagues in voting for its passage.  However, passage remains impeded by gun control politics, and the ""boyfriend loophole"" prevention measure in the legislation.  H.R. 8 would expand background checks on individuals seeking to purchase or transfer firearms. It would not create a registry or other federal mechanisms for review. Instead, the legislation would expand the cases in which a background check is required for the sale or transfer of a firearm, including for private individuals and groups, closing the ""gun show loophole."" The requirements would apply to online sales. The Bipartisan Background Checks Act of 2021, passed 227-203. It received eight Republican votes, and one Democrat voted against it.  The Enhanced Background Checks Act of 2021 would close the ""Charleston loophole,"" a gap in federal law that lets gun sales proceed without a completed background check if three businesses days have passed. It is linked to a shooting in 2015 in Charleston, South Carolina, where a white supremacist used the loophole to obtain firearms he used to kill nine Black people during a Bible study at Mother Emanuel AME Church. The bill would extend the initial background check review period from three to 10 days. The legislation passed 219-210, with two Democrats opposed and two Republicans in support. The House passed a sweeping anti-corruption and government ethics package that would fundamentally reshape how campaigns are run, how elections are conducted and how officeholders conduct themselves. The bill passed 220-210, with one Democrat joining all voting Republicans to oppose the bill. Two Republicans did not vote.  The policing reform bill aims to bolster police accountability and prevent problem officers from moving from one department to another by creating a national registry to track those with checkered records. It also would end certain police practices that have been under scrutiny after the deaths of Black Americans in the last year. It passed the House on a 220-212 vote.  The Equality Act would amend existing federal civil rights laws to extend protections for LGBTQ Americans in what Democratic lawmakers and advocates say would make significant progress toward legal protections for all Americans. The sweeping legislation, which prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex, sexual orientation and gender identity, is one of Biden's top legislative priorities.  The final vote was 224-206, with three Republicans joining Democrats in voting for the bill.  Much of the legislation passed by the House has opposition from Senate Republicans. and several plan on introducing their own alternative legislation to some of the House-passed measures. For example, Sen. Joni Ernst, R-Iowa, who is working on a GOP alternative to the VAWA in the Senate, said she hopes to show there's a significant group of Republicans willing to work with Democrats to come up with a ""good, modernized bill"" that can overcome a filibuster. Additionally, many Republicans argue that adding the ERA to the Constitution is unnecessary and will rollback anti-abortion policies. “On the Equal Rights Amendment, I wish that I could tell you that we had more Republicans support for that at this point in time. We continue to work on that,” she said Tuesday. Over the past several weeks, the Biden administration has seen an increase in unaccompanied migrant children at the border and has struggled to quickly move the children from short-term holding facilities to temporary facilities run by the Department of Health and Human Services. House Democrats have expressed frustration with Senate Republicans, and have called for the elimination of the filibuster so they can move Democratic legislation with a simple majority vote.  House Majority Whip Rep. Jim Clyburn, D-S.C., criticized McConnell and Senate Republicans who ""seem to be hellbent on using archaic Senate procedural rules to allow the minority in the Senate to block any legislation designed to protect the voting and civil rights of our country’s minority citizens as we continue our pursuit toward the fulfillment of our vision of 'liberty and justice for all.'"" Despite the bills piling up in the Senate, House Democrats are not planning on slowing down anytime soon.  Rep. Mark Pocan, D-Wis., said progressive lawmakers had met with White House officials on Wednesday, including chief of staff Ron Klain, and said the officials were ""very committed"" to raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour and to secure the votes in the Senate to do so. ""There's a lot of conversations about how we get those additional votes,"" he said.  Contributing: Associated Press; Nicholas Wu, Rebecca Morin, Matthew Brown, Maureen Groppe USA TODAY ",1428,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886256919,2021-03-23 06:00:00,Biden’s first news conference is a test for him. But it’s a bigger test for White House reporters.,https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/media/media-biden-news-conference/2021/03/22/c0695328-8b28-11eb-a730-1b4ed9656258_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_lifestyle,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"The first news conference of a new administration is always a high-stakes affair for the White House. How will the new president do under the glare of direct questioning from a crowd of correspondents? Will he utter a cringe-inducing gaffe? Will he actually make any real news? But when President Biden steps to the lectern Thursday, the pressure will also be on the White House press corps themselves, as reporters recalibrate after the tumultuous, misinformation-filled years of Donald Trump to a president who is far less showy and, to date, much more truthful. It’s a major test for news organizations and reporters in covering Biden. And Joe Lockhart, a press secretary under President Bill Clinton, fears the press corps won’t be able to resist walking in with the mentality of, “We’re gonna show all the MAGA people we can be just as tough on Biden as we were on Trump.” There’s never a shortage of bluster at a televised White House briefing, but this week, it will almost inevitably center on the heated subject of immigration at the Texas border, where a legitimate crisis has been taking shape as thousands of children have crossed into the United States seeking asylum. After 50 days as president, Biden still hasn’t given a news conference. Critics and allies wonder why. Or witness the framing that NBC’s “Meet the Press” gave its coverage of the border situation — “a political crisis for the new president, with no easy way out,” Chuck Todd declared in his most serious voice. So hot is the issue right now that Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas appeared on no fewer than five Sunday shows. The burgeoning number of migrants — including thousands of children — is a legitimate concern and a valid story. But much of the news media seems to be using it to show that they intend to present Biden in just as critical a light as they often did Trump — regardless of whether that’s deserved. Of course, the administration hasn’t helped this dynamic by refusing news media access to government detention facilities. That pushes a lot of buttons for reporters who are hard-wired to equate transparency with policy wisdom. Which isn’t always the case. But framing questions as if immigration began with Trump’s promise to make Mexico pay for a border wall ignores decades of complicated history. So it’s important that reporters show some historical perspective and provide a lot of context to the discussion. By bringing an understanding of how immigration trends have developed over many years — not just the past 60 days — they can do their job well. Will they? It’s hard to be too optimistic. Political reporters cover the president, and as knowledgeable and talented as they may be, they lack the expertise of science or health journalists — or in this case, longtime immigration reporters — who can best respond to what’s being said, which includes knowing how to challenge it with deep knowledge. Instead of insight into the crisis, you get the political frame: How will it play with elected officials and their constituents? How will Trump’s allies play this story? What will Tucker Carlson have to say? For the White House press corps, there’s also a temptation to play to the crowd. Every TV reporter has to be thinking about the 10-second clip of their question that might be used on Thursday’s newscast, establishing them as the star du jour who bravely challenged the president. Journalists have been agitating for weeks for a first Biden news conference, noting that he’s kept us waiting longer than any other new president in decades. Trump and Barack Obama both held one within their first month in office. What it shouldn’t turn into, though, is a performative exercise in equating two administrations, just to show how tough we are. 
 READ MORE by Margaret Sullivan: ‘Not racially motivated’?: The Atlanta spa shootings show why the media should be wary of initial police statements Online harassment of female journalists is real, and it’s increasingly hard to endure Oprah proved she is greatest celebrity interviewer of all time. All journalists can learn from her. The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",708,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886256331,2021-03-23 06:58:33,March Madness reseeding: Ranking the Sweet 16 teams in the men's NCAA Tournament based on national title ability,https://feeds.feedblitz.com/~/647417682/0/usatoday-newstopstories~March-Madness-reseeding-Ranking-the-Sweet-teams-in-the-mens-NCAA-Tournament-based-on-national-title-ability/,en,False,,4,USA Today,http://www.usatoday.com,"The Sweet 16 is set.  The first two rounds of the men's NCAA Tournament trimmed the 64 teams to 16, and there was a record number of bracket-busting upsets this year that have made the madness extra maddening this March.  Now, those survivors will square off Saturday through Tuesday in the Sweet 16 and Elite Eight with a slot in the Final Four on the line.  But which of these teams are cut out for the second weekend of March Madness? Which of them has the best chance to cut down the nets in Indianapolis? USA TODAY Sports ranks the Sweet 16 teams based on potential of winning the national championship. No. 6 seed. The Trojans (24-7) were dominant in their second-round win over Kansas and the game served as a statement for how good this team can be when it plays up to its full potential. USC drew a No. 6 seed but likely was worthy of a seed a couple spots higher. The Trojans ranked in the top 10 of KenPom.com's ratings with a top-six6 defense and that's largely a product of freshman 7-footer Evan Mobley's presence. He averages 16.8 points, 8.7 rebounds and 3.0 blocks per game.  Rankings continue below video: ",203,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886144591,2021-03-23 04:54:13,Congress Helped Their Businesses During The Pandemic. Then They Attacked The Capitol,https://news.yahoo.com/congress-helped-businesses-during-pandemic-085413818.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"Before Brandon Straka was storming the Capitol on Jan. 6, he was a hair-dressing, #WalkAway-tweeting MAGA influencer—taking in tens of thousands of dollars in government pandemic money. Collectively, these business owners took in more than $227,000 from three small business relief initiatives—the Paycheck Protection Program, Economic Injury Disaster Loans, or Disaster Assistance Loans—and they are facing charges ranging from entering a restricted building to assaulting police officers with a deadly weapon. Straka is charged with impeding a law-enforcement officer during civil disorder, knowingly entering restricted grounds, and disorderly conduct with intent to disturb a hearing before Congress. New Proud Boys Busted for Capitol Riot Have Wild Police Ties Barnett was the man kicking his boots up on Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s desk, and he is charged with seven counts, including disorderly conduct in a government building with a dangerous weapon. (Barnett had a cattle prod on him at the time of the insurrection.) Businesses may be able to have some or all of their PPP loans forgiven, as long as they spend the money on things like payroll, rent, supplier costs, and other qualifying expenses. Economic Injury Disaster loans are also forgivable, but the Disaster Assistance loans are supposed to be returned. However, there’s no guarantee these individuals will meet the terms of their low-interest, government loans and pay the money back—especially if they’re in jail for their roles in the Jan. 6 attack. “Sorry,” Hemenway said he told the officer. Read more at The Daily Beast. Get our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now! Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. A look for the history books. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Chelsea Clinton was congratulated by her parents, former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, at the finish line Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. The investigation is laying bare the extent of the conspiracy to derail the Trump campaign and thwart his presidency. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family “Some describe true friends as choosing your own family. I say it’s more like choosing your own army.” Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? ",696,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886255061,2021-03-23 07:15:10,Japan spends millions on technology for absent Olympic fans,https://www.foxnews.com/sports/japan-spends-millions-on-technology-for-absent-olympic-fans,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. Japan’s top telecommunications company is getting 7.3 billion yen — about $67 million — in taxpayer money to design mobile tracking software to curb the spread of coronavirus infections during the Tokyo Olympics. There's one catch: Few Olympic fans from abroad will be around to use it. Tokyo Olympic organizers and the IOC on Saturday announced a ban on fans from abroad attending the the games, which open on July 23. NTT Communications Corp., a group company of Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corp. and a domestic sponsor of the Tokyo Games, heads the consortium developing the app in multiple languages that is set for release in June. CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM Domestic sponsors have contributed a record of $3.5 billion to the local organizing committee, a total about three times larger than any previous Olympics. Contributions have been driven by giant marketing company Dentsu Inc., the official marketing partner of the Tokyo Olympics. Like other skeptics, opposition lawmaker Kanako Otsuji has said the app is a waste of money. ""When there will likely be no spectators, is this the time to be designing an app for fans? The Japanese government has failed over and over in digital innovation, but it’s going to have success with this new app?"" she said on her YouTube channel last month. Users are to download the app in their cell phones so their whereabouts can be monitored with satellite technology. In theory, it tracks infections. But it all must be done in good faith and is effective only if people use it honestly and diligently to record their health conditions and warn others of outbreaks. The NTT app costs nearly 20 times as much as an earlier glitch-plagued tracking app, called Cocoa, for ""COVID-19 Contact Confirming Application,"" offered free to the Japanese public last year. Japan now restricts people from entering the country because of the coronavirus pandemic, except for some essential travel and returning citizens. NTT Communications declined comment, referring queries to the government. Tokyo-based NTT, founded in 1952, has boasted of close ties with the Japanese government. It’s now embroiled in a sprawling corruption scandal centered around lavishing entertainment on ministry bureaucrats that oversee telecommunications. Tokyo is officially spending $15.4 billion to prepare for the Olympics, but several government audits have suggested it’s at least $25 billion. All but $6.7 billion is public money. While the pandemic has added to the costs, there will be few tourists to boost local coffers. In 2019, the year before the pandemic hit, Japan raked in a record 4.8 trillion yen ($44 billion) from nearly 31.9 million tourists visiting from overseas, mostly from China and South Korea. In contrast, international travelers to Japan last year, including foreign residents and families of Japanese, dwindled to 4.1 million people, according to the Japan National Tourism Organization. No money figure was available. Domestic tourism has also fallen to about half the previous year’s levels. Japan has attributed about 9,000 deaths to COVID-19 but has barely started to roll out vaccines. Marina Nakano, spokeswoman for the Japan Cultural Expo, a government-backed program set up especially to drum up tourism during the Tokyo Olympics, acknowledged cultural events pegged to the upcoming Games are still undecided. Events, set for last year, were canceled, postponed or moved online. Nakano is hopeful that once things return to normal, tourism might come back and her efforts to push Japanese culture will pay off in the long run. ""The plans all had to be drastically changed,"" she said. ",599,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886144564,2021-03-23 02:51:52,"Fox News host tells Trump that Biden's DHS secretary has resigned, notes her error after he applauds",https://news.yahoo.com/fox-news-host-tells-trump-065152762.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"In a phone interview with former President Donald Trump on Monday, Fox News host Harris Faulkner broke some news. Unfortunately for her, it was literally fake news. ""This has just happened now, and I want to double-check this with our producers,"" Faulkner said. ""The DHS secretary, Alejandro Mayorkas, has resigned, Mr. President. Your thoughts?"" Trump said he wasn't surprised at the resignation of the newly confirmed Homeland Security secretary. ""It's a big victory for our country,"" he said. The victory did not last long, as Faulkner pretty quickly learned through her earpiece that Mayorkas had not, in fact, resigned. Touché. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. A look for the history books. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Chelsea Clinton was congratulated by her parents, former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, at the finish line Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family “Some describe true friends as choosing your own family. I say it’s more like choosing your own army.” Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? ",528,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886255060,2021-03-23 07:24:17,Olympic surfing hopeful Katherine Diaz dead at 22 after being struck by lighting in El Salvador,https://www.foxnews.com/sports/olympic-katherine-diaz-dead-lighting-el-salvador,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM ""She, the friend, was thrown by the force of the lightning strike too, the board threw me back. Katherine died instantly,"" Beto Diaz said. The International Surfing Association (ISA) released a statement on Diaz’s tragic death. ""It is with a heavy heart that the ISA has learned about the passing of El Salvador’s Katherine Diaz,"" the organization wrote on social media. INTERNATIONAL SPECTATORS TO BE BARRED FROM TOKYO OLYMPICS ""Katherine embodied the joy and energy that make surfing so special and dear to us all, as a global ambassador of the sport. She excelled at the international competition level, representing her country with pride at both the ISA World Surfing Games and ISA World Junior Surfing Championship. ""We send our heartfelt condolences to Katherine’s family, the surfers of El Salvador, and to all those in the international surfing community whose lives she touched. ""We will never forget you."" CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Diaz was expected to take part in the ISA World Surf Games in May as a precursor to the Tokyo Olympics, which is having a surfing event for the first time in the Games’ history. Ryan Gaydos is the Sports Editor for Fox News and Fox Business. Follow Ryan Gaydos on Twitter @Gaydos_ and if you got a tip you can email Ryan at Ryan.Gaydos@fox.com ",243,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886255059,2021-03-23 07:26:20,"Regeneron, Roche's antibody cocktail cuts COVID-19 hospitalizations, deaths by 70%, company says",https://www.foxnews.com/health/regeneron-roches-antibody-cocktail-cuts-covid-19-hospitalizations-deaths-by-70-company-says,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., reacts to his explosive back and forth with Dr. Fauci on Capitol Hill and House bills on immigration. REGEN-COV is comprised of casirivimab with imdevimab, and has already received emergency use authorization from the FDA in the U.S. Under the current EUA, the combo therapy is approved to treat non-hospitalized adults and adolescents with mild to moderate symptoms of COVID-19 and who are at high risk for developing severe symptoms or the need for hospitalization. SINOVAC SAYS IT'S COVID-19 VACCINE IS SAFE FOR CHILDREN AS YOUNG AS 3 CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CORONAVIRUS COVERAGE The company said there are ongoing trials involving REGEN-COV including one in the U.K. studying the impact it may have on hospitalized patients. Another is evaluating the prevention of COVID-19 in household contacts of infected individuals. Stay up-to-date on the biggest health and wellness news with our weekly recap. Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! ",155,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886256913,2021-03-23 07:00:00,Spring cleaning: How to clear the cobwebs without adding to your pandemic stress,https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/home/spring-cleaning-tips-decluttering-covid/2021/03/22/a439a4aa-6b0c-11eb-ba56-d7e2c8defa31_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_lifestyle,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"In a normal year, this might be the time to block out a weekend, pull up your sleeves,  and lift a season’s worth of dust and grime off of every surface in your house. But with the emotional and financial tolls the pandemic has inflicted on so many, and with home having to function as a space for work, play and everything in between, it might be worth rethinking the mammoth spring-cleaning operation. We talked to four experts about creating a spring-cleaning plan that will remove clutter and dirt from our lives without adding any more stress. Spring cleaning? How about spring decluttering? Maker advises separating tasks into “need-to-haves” and “nice-to-haves.” Anything that affects your safety and well-being and the basic functioning of your home should take priority. Needs might include checking smoke detectors or switching out a furnace filter, Maker said. Make sure all essential appliances, such as the refrigerator, freezer, and heating and air-conditioning systems, are in working order. If you live somewhere with inclement weather, check that seals on doors and windows are intact and that screens aren’t broken. This guidance won’t mean the same thing for everyone. Laughinghouse suggests prioritizing workspaces, entryways and areas where your household gathers. For example, if your family is partial to movie nights on the couch, vacuum the cushions and launder throw blankets and pillows. And if you’re still working from home at a makeshift setup on the kitchen counter, this may be the time to assess whether that’s really working for you. Encourage children who are learning remotely to have autonomy over their own workstations. This might require some guidance, but it’s an opportunity to spend time with them and to build a routine while easing up some work on parents, Maker said. “Just like at school, where they have a locker or a desk, they can make sure their space is tidy at the end of the day,” she said. Decide what you regularly use and need, she said, and put those items in an accessible spot. Any extras can be stored elsewhere — out of sight. How homeowners should handle plumbing, housecleaning and other services during a pandemic If you’re working from home, Maker suggests carving out small, regular windows of time for cleaning as a break from work. “If you’re struggling with something, take a break and do the dishes in five or 10 minutes, and then you’ve accomplished a cleaning task and given your brain an opportunity to switch modes for a bit,” she said. If you’re normally a gung-ho spring-cleaner, don’t fall into the trap of comparing your pandemic self with your previous self. (And definitely don’t compare your home to the perfectly styled spaces you see on Instagram and in Zoom backgrounds.) Carrying out the daily tasks of life against the backdrop of a pandemic is hard enough. Success is knowing where your items are and feeling comfortable and safe in your home. “The most important thing for people right now is just to exonerate themselves from the pressure,” Maker said. 
 The pandemic gave me the time to finally clean out my shameful attic. Here’s what I learned. Hiring professional cleaners: Covid-19 rules to keep everyone as safe as possible 6 spring-cleaning tasks you may have overlooked The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",557,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886256909,2021-03-23 07:00:00,Former D.C. police chief: ‘There should be a higher standard for police’,https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/magazine/former-dc-police-chief-there-should-be-a-higher-standard-for-police/2021/03/18/927f0144-7537-11eb-9537-496158cc5fd9_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_lifestyle,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"Charles Ramsey, 71, began his career in law enforcement more than 50 years ago as a police cadet on Chicago’s South Side. He went on to lead police departments in D.C. and Philadelphia, and was co-chair of President Barack Obama’s Task Force on 21st Century Policing. The profession of policing has been under fire for some time. How much of that is warranted, in your opinion, and what do you make of calls to defund the police? How do you understand the situation along the spectrum of a few bad apples versus systemic issues? Well, I think they’re in every part of society — to what extent, I have no idea. I don’t think anybody really does. There is no profession that’s immune from having people with extreme views. And that’s the danger of it. People look normal unless they open their mouths and say something. I would think that in law enforcement the standard should be higher even than in most jobs in society. You have to be neutral as a police officer. I remember when I was in D.C. — I forget the exact year — we had a small group of Ku Klux Klan that wanted to march. Now, I had to throw out any personal feelings or attitudes or what have you. Because what mattered was the fact that they had a right to be able to demonstrate, even though I found personally disgusting everything they stand for. How hard is that to do?  When we finished the tour, there was something that was just really haunting me. I just couldn’t put my finger on it. And so I came back a few days later, unannounced, so I could really take my time and go through the exhibits. And one of the very first photographs you see when you get off the elevator in the museum is a picture of an SA soldier with a police officer. And the soldier’s got this German shepherd that’s muzzled, and he’s got this crazed look in his eye. And, when I saw that photograph, I said, that’s it. I never knew police played a role in the Holocaust. And then as I started going through the rest of the exhibits, I saw two police officers, and they had this Jewish guy. He’s got his coat open, and they’re searching him. And I thought about stop-and-frisk. The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",414,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886264429,2021-03-23 02:47:00,US Oil Prices Fall Below $60 As European Lockdowns Hit Demand,https://www.thestreet.com/investing/us-oil-prices-fall-below-60-as-european-lockdowns-hit-demand?puc=yahoo&cm_ven=YAHOO&yptr=yahoo,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,"Global oil prices tumbled Tuesday, pulling U.S. crude below the $58 mark, as trades reacted to fresh lockdown orders in Europe that could delay the return of energy demand over the second half of the year. Germany's Chancellor, Angel Merkel, ordered the new lockdowns amid a renewed spike in new infections in Europe's largest economy and the European Union's sluggish vaccine rollout. Germany will undergo a hard five-day lockdown over the Easter break, she told the nation late Monday, and won't emerge from its broader business and travel restrictions until at least April 18. The move follows last week's decision by France's President, Emmanuel Macron, to issue new business and travel restrictions for the great Paris region, adding to previous orders that now have some 21 million citizens under restrictive measures for at least the remainder of the month. U.S. drillers, meanwhile, are returning to full capacity following the February winter storms that knocked out installations in Texas and the Southwest, with data from Baker Hughes on Friday indicating a 9 new rigs came online last week, taking the overall total to 318. With more crude pumping from the United States, and the U.S. dollar continuing to rise against its global peers as investors seek safe-haven assets amid the global pandemic uncertainty, price could continue to decline in the coming days and into the next monthly OPEC meeting on April 1 in Vienna. WTI crude futures for May delivery, the benchmark for U.S. oil and gas prices, were marked $3.88 cents lower on the session at $57.68 per barrel, paring gains from as high as $68.00 per barrel earlier this month following Yemeni attacks on a key refinery in Saudi Arabia. Brent crude contracts for May delivery, which are more tightly-aligned to global prices, tumbled $3.75 per barrel to $60.85 in mid-afternoon trading in New York, also down more than $10 from the January 2020 high of $71.38 it hit on March 8. ",324,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886264495,2021-03-23 07:08:00,Dow futures slip ahead of testimony from Yellen and Powell,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/dow-futures-slip-ahead-of-testimony-from-yellen-and-powell-11616497693?siteid=yhoof2&yptr=yahoo,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,"U.S. stocks ended lower Tuesday, with beneficiaries of the recent rotation into cyclically sensitive stocks feeling the brunt of the selloff as concerns rose around rising COVID-19 cases in Europe that have prompted extended business lockdowns. Stocks extended losses in the final hour of trading, but analysts said there was no clear catalyst for the move. Instead, the selling appeared to largely be a “mean reversion” in a market left vulnerable by the substantial outperformance of cyclically sensitive stocks over technology shares and other growth stocks that had been the highest fliers during the stay-at-home phase of the pandemic. The move was “less of a catalyst-driven” reaction “than necessarily an unwind of a trade that had gotten extended,” said Arthur Hogan, chief market strategist for National, in a phone interview. The rotation unwind theme was also in keeping with a slide in Treasury yields. A sharp backup in yields had previously put pressure on tech-related stocks, while boosting appetite for cyclicals as well as financial stocks, which benefit from an increased spread between long- and short-dated borrowing costs. Financial stocks also pulled back Tuesday as yields fell.  Analysts said investors were little moved by the first of two days of testimony by Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell and Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen. Powell reiterated the Fed’s commitment to easy monetary policy, and said he didn’t think any surge in inflation this year will be large or persistent. He argued that the Fed has the tools to deal with higher inflation. Powell has tried to communicate a stance that underscores the central bank’s desire to keep benchmark interest rates low while the labor market recovers from the impact of lockdown measures implemented to combat the coronavirus pandemic but some critics fear that policy makers may lose control of that narrative.  However, market bulls expect the combination of easy monetary policy, aggressive fiscal spending and pent-up demand to keep stocks pointing north. And despite Tuesday’s setback, the reflation theme is likely to keep cyclical stocks in favor over the long run, they said. “The bottom line is the economy is set for an enormous spending boom and cyclical equities should still be favored with spending on the ‘old economy’ matching ‘the new economy’,” wrote Sean Darby, global head of strategy at Jefferies, in a note. “Dividends and buybacks are also set to accelerate.” Tuesday also marks the anniversary of the pandemic lows on March 23, 2020, when all of the major U.S. stock benchmarks put in their bear-market lows, as the coronavirus pandemic plunged the U.S. into recession, before staging a powerful rebound, aided at least partly by a cocktail of fiscal spending and monetary-policy intervention. Meanwhile, expectations the Biden administration will press for another round of heavy spending centered on infrastructure were seen underpinning equities, though investors were also weighing the prospect of partially offsetting tax hikes.     The total cryptocurrency market tops $3 trillion Monday, for the first time, according to data from CoinGecko. Market capitalization of the crypto market has gained more than 280% since the start of this year.  William Watts is MarketWatch’s senior markets writer. Based in New York, Watts writes about stocks, bonds, currencies and commodities, including oil. He also writes about global macro issues and trading strategies. Before moving to New York, he reported for MarketWatch from Frankfurt, London and Washington, D.C. Mark DeCambre is MarketWatch's markets editor. He is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @mdecambre. ",581,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886264473,2021-03-23 07:00:00,The Economy Is Beginning to Reopen. Here are 6 REITs That Stand to Benefit.,https://www.barrons.com/articles/six-reits-set-to-gain-from-the-economys-reopening-51616497202?siteid=yhoof2&yptr=yahoo,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,"Meanwhile, here are some important items you'll want to know: ",11,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261817,2021-03-23 07:28:15,Is The European Union’s Vaccination Campaign Set For Liftoff? [Infographic],https://www.forbes.com/sites/niallmccarthy/2021/03/23/is-the-european-unions-vaccination-campaign-set-for-liftoff-infographic/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Tensions are still high between the United Kingdom and the European Union amid a bitter dispute over a shortfall in Covid-19 vaccines across Europe. While the U.K. has had a hugely successful vaccine rollout that has helped reduce Covid-19 cases significantly, efforts across the E.U. have been painfully slow as cases surge due to a third wave of the virus. British-Swedish pharmaceutical company AstraZeneca has been lambasted for failing to meet its contractual obligations to the E.U. and the company said that instead of supplying the bloc with 300 million doses in the first half of the year, it will only be able to supply 100 million due to production problems and export controls.  That led to European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen threatening to halt the export of E.U.-manufactured jabs to the U.K. unless those shipments are reciprocated by Boris Johnson's government. The threat reportedly has the backing of Germany, France, Italy and Denmark. Politicians are set to attempt to diffuse tensions this week with an E.U. official stating that blame lies with neither side, rather with AstraZeneca. A possible solution has been floated centered around sharing Covid-19 vaccines being produced at a plant in the Netherlands with Boris Johnson urging international cooperation amid fears the third wave would inevitably impact Britain. France and Germany are still urging Brussels to toughen its stance on exports, the majority of which have gone to Britain. Data published by the Commission earlier in March shows that the U.K. received 9.1 million doses with Canada ordering the second-highest quantity at 3.9 million. Even though the pace of the vaccine rollout has been devastatingly slow across Europe, the situation does look set to change over the coming weeks and months. During an interview on French television, Thierry Breton, European Commissioner for the Internal Market, commented on the bloc's vaccine supply goals with expected shipments set to surge.  Cumulative expected vaccine deliveries to the EU-27, Norway and Iceland in 2021.  Full coverage and live updates on the Coronavirus ",338,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886268572,2021-03-23 07:00:32,"In Demi Lovato: Dancing with the Devil, the Pop Star Lays Her Secrets Bare, in a Guarded Way",https://time.com/5948940/demi-lovato-dancing-with-the-devil-review/,en,False,,4419,Time,http://time.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886269934,2021-03-23 07:57:14.699046,‘We are anxious’: Democrats wait on Biden administration to handle border surge,https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2021/03/23/power-up-we-are-anxious-democrats-wait-biden-administration-handle-border-surge/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_homepage,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"with Tobi Raji WOOF! 🐶 The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",22,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261811,2021-03-23 07:30:00,Do You Have What It Takes To Be A Modern Leader?,https://www.forbes.com/sites/davidhsturt/2021/03/23/do-you-have-what-it-takes-to-be-a-modern-leader/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"For generations, traditional leaders have been celebrated for using their power to take charge, make decisions, tell others what to do, and determine who needs to know what.  These old notions of leadership are still practiced today and appear to have more in common with the lopsided power structures of royalties, moguls, and military-style command-and-control practices than they do with modern democratic societies and their organizations.  2020 Global Culture Report For as long as I can remember, people have envisioned something better – a modern, democratized form of leadership where a leader’s source of power is shared by their “followers,” who want to feel like they're involved in something meaningful.   Cultural revolutions like the #MeToo movement and Black Lives Matter are revealing a new generation of modern leaders who don’t see leadership as something that establishes and protects power. They want power to be shared as a means of enabling change for all.   This democratization of leadership is rapidly gaining momentum, and few leaders and companies are prepared for it.  Modern leadership involves sharing information, creating a higher level of trust, and promoting a sense of inclusion and belonging.  These leaders care and invest more time into their team members’ wellbeing, career goals, contributions, and accomplishments.  Democratizing leadership requires redefining and reshaping what leadership means. Here are three suggestions to help you move that process forward in your leadership journey. Connect to Purpose  People deliver better results and with more passion when they understand why and how their work advances their company’s or team’s purpose. Modern leaders help team members connect to their company’s vision and realize how their work makes it happen on a daily basis.  Connect to Accomplishment  Modern leaders communicate clearly and regularly what success looks like. They break it down into understandable terms and reachable goals. They call on the innovation of individuals to do great work.  And they don’t let work become defined by tasks, but rather by outcomes.  Modern leaders celebrate how others approach and resolve issues. They don’t view themselves as the smartest people in the room. Instead, they serve as influencers to find opportunities for people to do things better than they themselves would. Worldwide we see a little over 60% of leaders communicating what success looks like, and just over half making others aware of their team members' successes. Unfortunately, only 57% of employees believe they’re appreciated by their leaders or recognized for their successes, which means they’re less motivated to achieve their goals.  Connect to One Another Traditionally, leaders disseminate information on a need-to-know basis, creating silos among team members and sowing seeds of distrust. Modern leaders share information broadly to encourage collaboration and motivate employees to help each other succeed, creating a sense of teamwork and inclusion.  A little over half of the companies in our research encourage such information sharing and collaboration across departmental lines, but this number should be higher. Sharing information helps employees feel more connected with the overall team, especially during moments of crisis like the COVID-19 pandemic.  By applying these three suggestions, you can shift your leadership mindset and behaviors to lead effectively as a modern leader. And in my next article, I'll share an example of one of the best modern leaders I have ever met. What she does will surprise you, but her team’s results speak for themselves. ",557,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886270906,2021-03-23 07:50:00,Israelis head to the polls in fourth election in two years,https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/israelis-head-polls-fourth-election-two-years-n1261792,en,False,,25499,NBC News,http://www.nbcnews.com,"Sections tv Featured More From NBC Follow NBC News Polls forecast a tight race, with Likud predicted to win the most seats in the 120-seat parliament, known as the Knesset. But it remains unclear if he will be able to form a majority coalition. No single party list of candidates has been able to form a governing majority in Israel’s history. The party that can cobble together a majority coalition — 61 seats — gets to form the next government. The exit polls showed Netanyahu and his allies with 54 seats in the Knesset. While Israelis vote for parties and not politicians, the election has again become a highly charged referendum on Netanyahu, the country's longest-serving prime minister. Ahead of the vote, Netanyahu portrayed himself as a global statesman best able to navigate the complex diplomatic and security challenges that face the world’s only Jewish state. He has pointed to Israel’s agreements to normalize ties with four Arab states last year as evidence of his diplomatic know-how. The allegations against Netanyahu include receiving lavish gifts from wealthy friends and making regulatory decisions in exchange for positive coverage on an Israeli news site. He is the first sitting prime minister to be charged with a crime, but denies all wrongdoing and says he is the victim of a “witch hunt.” Netanyahu is also being squeezed by a number of onetime allies who have formed their own parties. Voters Tuesday are required to wear masks and special voting stations have been established for those in quarantine. The Central Election Committee said final results were not expected to be clarified until Friday. Negotiations to form a majority coalition could take a lot longer, and if the political deadlock is not broken, another election could be in the cards. The Associated Press contributed to this report.  Saphora Smith is a London-based reporter for NBC News Digital.  © 2021 NBC UNIVERSAL ",317,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886270226,2021-03-23 07:54:38,10 killed in Colorado grocery store shooting,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/fSw_305Sc0g/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,"From CNN's Dave Alsup Kroger said three employees were among those killed in the shooting at King Soopers in Boulder, Colorado.  They were Denny Stong, Rikki Olds, and Teri Leiker, the company said in a statement. ""The entire Kroger family offers our thoughts, prayers and support to those impacted by this tragedy, including our associates, customers and first responders, and their families."" From CNN's Jason Hoffman From CNN’s Casey Tolan and Bob Ortega The suspect in the Boulder, Colorado, shooting pleaded guilty to third-degree assault approximately three years ago after attacking a high school classmate, according to court documents and a police report. In February 2018, Ahmad Al Aliwi Alissa was charged with assault after allegedly attacking a classmate at Arvada West High School in the Denver suburb of Arvada. The case stemmed from a November 2017 incident in which Alissa, then-18, “got up in [a] classroom, walked over to [the] victim & ‘cold-cocked’ him in the head,” according to a report from a police officer included in the case file. Alissa “got on top of [the victim] & punched him in [the] head several more times,” the report says, adding that the victim “had bruising, swelling & cuts to [the] head, as well as pain.” The officer wrote, “No witnesses could see or hear any reason” for the attack, and that Alissa said that the victim “had made fun of him & called him racial names weeks earlier.” Alissa, who is now 21, pleaded guilty in March 2018 and was sentenced to one year probation, 48 hours of community service, and “treatment to address response to anger,” according to the court documents. From CNN’s Keith Allen Colorado Gov. Jared Polis told CNN that his state is still stunned in the wake of yesterday’s shooting at King Soopers supermarket in Boulder. The governor said he ordered flags throughout the state to be flown at half-staff for 10 days to honor the 10 victims in Monday’s shooting. He said he will speak with the families of the victims “when they’re ready to take the call.” “We had a good conversation,” the governor said. “He expressed his condolences, He's seen a lot of loss in his life, including, of course, his son and his wife, and so many others. He's no stranger to loss.” “He gave some comforting words to Colorado. To me, I think there will be a broad discussion about the policy side,” Polis continued. “We have, for instance, universal background checks in Colorado, but some of our neighboring states don't. I know Congress is looking at closing that loophole.” “For now, we're really trying to do our best to comfort the families, the friends of the 10 people who are no longer with us,” he added.   From CNN's Keith Allen People gathered near the store to leave flowers, notes and crosses in tribute to the victims. From CNN's Jill Martin Mike Malone, head coach of the NBA’s Denver Nuggets, opened his Tuesday pregame media session by naming the victims of the Boulder shooting, breaking down into tears after doing so. “I think we’re all tired of it. I think that’s an understatement,” a visibly distraught Malone said. He went on to continue and once again was driven to tears, pausing intermittently, saying, “We get judged on wins and losses. I apologize. We get judged on wins and losses, but if you take a step back and you put yourself in one of those families, what do you feel?” The Nuggets are in Orlando and will play the Orlando Magic at 7 p.m. ET. From CNN's Adrienne Vogt Boulder Mayor Sam Weaver said that gun reform measures should be strengthened at the state and federal level after a mass shooting left 10 dead at a supermarket in his Colorado city.  While there are background checks and other measures in place in the state, “the results of yesterday's shooting show us that they are not strong enough,” Weaver said.   “I don't think they are sufficient, and they certainly weren't sufficient to prevent yesterday's tragedy,” Weaver said.  “The only positive thing to come out of this will be that our community will bond together and work through our pain, and then we'll look to the future and see if there are ways to prevent this from ever happening to another community,” he added. Watch:  From CNN’s Keith Allen and Jennifer Feldman Two of the victims in Monday’s mass shooting at King Soopers supermarket were recent graduates of area high schools, according to a statement from Boulder Valley School District Superintendent Rob Anderson. Denny Stong was a 2019 graduate of Fairview High School and Rikki Olds was a 2013 graduate of Centaurus High School, Anderson said in a statement Tuesday. “Several of the other victims were parents of our graduates and given the fact that this is a close-knit community, there will likely be many other connections to BVSD schools both amongst those who were killed and other victims,” Anderson said. From CNN's Paul P. Murphy, Nadeem Muaddi, Blake Ellis, Artemis Moshtaghian and Donie O'Sullivan A now-removed Facebook profile is shedding more light on the Colorado shooting suspect, 21-year-old Ahmad Al Aliwi Alissa.  A high school classmate, and Ahmad Al Aliwi Alissa's brother Ali Aliwi Alissa, confirmed to CNN the Facebook page’s authenticity. A Facebook spokesperson confirmed to CNN the company had removed Facebook and Instagram accounts belonging to the suspect. In a number of Facebook posts, the shooting suspect made homophobic remarks and in two posts, even used anti-gay slurs.   He also claimed to believe that his former high school had been hacking into his phone.  ""Just curious what are the laws about phone privacy because I believe my old school (a west) was hacking my phone,"" the suspect wrote in a March 18, 2019 Facebook post.   He made a second post on July 5, 2019, also claiming that ""racist islamophobic people"" were hacking his phone, saying, ""let me have a normal life I probably could.""    When questioned about it by his Facebook friends about how he believed that the school was hacking his phone, Alissa responded, ""I believe part racism for sure. But I also believe someone spread rumors about me which are false and maybe that set it off.""   The profile claims that Alissa attended Arvada West High School; Jefferson County Public Schools spokesperson Cameron Bell confirms he was a student there from March 2015 until he graduated in May 2018.   Bell did not immediately respond with a comment on Alissa's Facebook post. That post comes in light of what his brother also told CNN, namely that he believes the suspect may have suffered from mental illness and that around 2014, Alissa felt he was being followed and chased and became increasingly “paranoid.""   At one point, his brother remembers Alissa even placed duct-tape over the camera on his computer to block anyone he believed to be following him, he said. “He always suspected someone was behind him, someone was chasing him,” Ali Alissa said. “We kept a close eye on him when he was in high school. He would say, ‘someone is chasing me, someone is investigating me,’ and we’re like, ‘come on man, there’s nothing.’ … He was just closing into himself.”  Alissa also posted videos of him purportedly wrestling in high school. He occasionally made posts about his Muslim faith. ""Born in Syria 1999 came to the USA in 2002,"" Alissa wrote in his profile description. ""I like wrestling and informational documentaries.""   In 2015, like many Facebook users, he changed his profile picture to the French flag in the wake of the terrorist attacks at a musical venue in Paris. He also shared a post from another Facebook user about Islamophobia in the aftermath of the April 2019 Christchurch, New Zealand mosque shootings. ""The Muslims at the #christchurch mosque were not the victims of a single shooter,"" the shared post read. ""They were the victims of the entire Islamophobia industry that villified [sic] them."" Please enable JavaScript for a better experience. ",1302,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261807,2021-03-23 07:30:00,The First Black-Owned Multinational Cannabis Brand: Al Harrington’s Viola To Launch In Canada,https://www.forbes.com/sites/javierhasse/2021/03/23/the-first-black-owned-multinational-cannabis-brand-al-harringtons-viola-to-launch-in-canada/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Al Harrington For Aras Azadian, CEO of Avicanna, this partnership has a deep personal meaning. It’s the coming together of two minority-led companies, and the result of two years of collaboration. “We are proud to be supporting Al’s vision and the Viola brand with its growth and expansion into Canada,” said Azadian said in an interview. “This is an incredible opportunity to provide not only access to a premium cannabis brand, but also a humanist philosophy that our diverse community in Canada can relate to.” “Additionally, being headquartered in Toronto, one of the most multi-cultural cities in the world, our diverse management team sees the launch of Viola in Canada as a chance to lay the foundation for Viola’s mission of representation and reform in the Canadian cannabis space,” he added. 10-year-old Viola is not just known for its quality products sold across California, Colorado, Michigan, Oklahoma, Oregon, and Washington, but also for its commitment as a brand to social equity. Through initiatives like Viola Cares, the company seeks to create entrepreneurial opportunities for communities of color in the cannabis industry, offering education, expungement and incubation programs for minorities. Discussing the partnership with Avicanna, Viola CEO Al Harrington also seemed very excited and personally invested. The company’s “commitment to research and development of cannabis in the medical and pharmaceutical industries makes them the perfect biotech partner to bring Viola’s brand to our Northern neighbors,” he said. “We’re excited to announce our partnership with Avicanna to expand into the Canadian market. Becoming the first Black-owned multinational brand is a significant milestone for Viola, and we look forward to expanding our product offering and Viola’s mission into a new market,” he added. Beyond this partnership, Avicanna, traded both in the U.S. and Canada, is a vertically integrated company, with biopharmaceutical R&D and retail activities in Canada, and cultivation and retail operations in Colombia. Back in 2017, it became the first cannabis-focused company to be admitted into Johnson & Johnson Innovation Centre, JLABS @ Toronto, where it still conducts most of its R&D to date. ",343,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886271814,2021-03-23 06:22:59,"Late night hosts gawk at Miami Beach's Spring Break crowds, put Biden's stair stumbles in context",https://news.yahoo.com/night-hosts-gawk-miami-beachs-102259925.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"This is the second Spring Break of the pandemic, ""but things are a little different now,"" Noah said. ""At this time last year, many people hadn't started taking the pandemic seriously yet. But this year, they've stopped taking the pandemic seriously too soon."" “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. A look for the history books. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Chelsea Clinton was congratulated by her parents, former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, at the finish line Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. The investigation is laying bare the extent of the conspiracy to derail the Trump campaign and thwart his presidency. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family “Some describe true friends as choosing your own family. I say it’s more like choosing your own army.” Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? ",465,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261799,2021-03-23 07:30:00,Women In STEM: Voices From Around The World,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbestechcouncil/2021/03/23/women-in-stem-voices-from-around-the-world/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty Obstacles for Women in STEM Despite this remarkable progress, there are still plenty of barriers for women seeking STEM careers. One of the biggest obstacles begins at birth, with gender stereotypes subtly steering girls toward ""softer"" subjects like social sciences and the humanities from a very early age. By the time they reach school, this snowballs into a lack of confidence in their STEM skills, which in turn can lead to lower performance—a gap that only widens as girls get older.  Academia and private industry also need to be part of the solution by actively diversifying their STEM hiring and promoting talented women to positions of leadership. Adopting family-friendly policies like onsite child care, flexible scheduling and additional paid time off will also help women balance work and the still-unequal demands of domestic life.  Seven Outstanding Women in STEM Given the serious barriers that women face, it's important to celebrate the women who challenge the stereotypes and rise to the top of their STEM fields. Doing so can provide inspiration for girls and boys alike.  And there is no shortage of role models to choose from, as women in STEM hail from all corners of the globe. Seven outstanding women in their fields served on a special Women in STEM panel as part of a recent Forbes Technology Council event. They—and their incredible work—are worth celebrating. Africa: Olubukola Akingbade Antarctica: Dr. Natalie Robinson Asia: Cristina Michelini Europe: Faviola Dadis North America: Ana Habib Oceania: Dr. Michelle Dickinson South America: Claire Evans ",253,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886272637,2021-03-23 07:30:00,$5.65 billion events startup Hopin has made 2 more acquisitions as it builds out its video infrastructure,https://www.businessinsider.com/hopin-acquires-streamble-jamm-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. Bullishly valued events startup Hopin has made its third and fourth acquisitions in less than a year. The $5.65 billion startup is buying video hosting company Streamable and video technology business Jamm, taking Hopin to four acquisitions despite being less than two years old. Hopin offers events and conferencing software for a monthly subscription fee. It was incorporated in the UK in June 2019, and exploded through 2020 as the pandemic forced organizers to make their events digital. ""We want to be the biggest investors in video and audio tech and have best products on the web,"" Hopin CEO Johnny Boufarhat told Insider. ""Our thesis is that the business world will continue to be powered more by video and audio software so we want a more accessible and sustainable focal point for professional interaction."" Streamable provides video hosting and uploading software, allowing users to record and share events more efficiently. Founded by Armen Petrosian in 2014, Streamable has more than 12 million active users and 75,000 video uploads a day, according to Hopin's press statement on the deal.  San Francisco's Jamm provides video collaboration software for remote teams. The deal was described as a ""tech acquisition"" to help boost video infrastructure on Hopin. Boufarhat declined to comment on the cost of the deals but said both were done off balance sheet. Streamable CEO Petrosian and Jamm CEO and cofounder Badri Rajasekar will become the heads of Streamable and Jamm within Hopin respectively, and continue to lead the business of their companies. 
                            For you
                           ",316,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886271808,2021-03-23 06:32:42,Illinois town becomes first to approve reparations for Black residents,https://news.yahoo.com/illinois-town-becomes-first-approve-103242453.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"Evanston is the first town in US to provide monetary reparations to its black residents  “Right now the whole world is looking at Evanston, Illinois. This is a moment like none other that we’ve ever seen, and it’s a good moment,” said Ron Daniels, president of the National African American Reparations Commission. The first-of-its-kind reparations programme was established in Evanston in 2019 with plans to commit $10 million over a decade by using funds from three per cent of the tax collected on marijuana sales. Black residents would qualify for the housing programme if they or their ancestors lived in Evanston between the period of 1919 and 1969 or they could prove they were the victim of housing discrimination due to the cities policies. Read more: Biden and Trump news live: Latest US politics updates Trump rants about Dr Seuss and claims China will kill us all in return to Fox News UFO report to be published soon detailing ‘difficult to explain’ sightings, former intelligence director says Here are all 29 lawsuits Trump is facing now that he’s left office The households would be randomly selected in case the number of applicants exceeded the allotted fund for the programme. The landmark decision by Evanston has set an example for other states in the US to rectify wrongs caused by decades of systematic racial discrimination against the community, said National African American Reparations Commission. Blacks residents contribute about 6 per cent of Evanston’s total population of 75,000. The debate on reparation has been gaining momentum nationally for some time now, with demands rising in the aftermath of protests over the killing of George Floyd last year by the police. The critics of the programme argue that taxpayers would not be able to afford the money, which could be billions of dollars, and demand more time to plan it. A bill was tabled in Congress recently to allow establishing a national reparations commission to study the issue. The bill has attracted around 170 co-sponsors in the House of Representatives. While the Senate remains divided on the issue, president Joe Biden has supported a study. He. however, fell short of endorsing the legislation. Many other cities, including Rhode Island, Chicago, Vermont and North Carolina have launched similar initiatives but are yet to propose specific funding. California passed a bill modelled after the federal legislation by forming a task force. However, a section of Black residents in Evanston have raised concerns over the proposal, claiming the the size of the plan is not adequate and other financial institutions like banks and corporations will benefit from it. A Facebook group called Evanston Rejects Racist Reparations posted that “historically racist financial institutions like banks, corporations and various individuals” will profit from the programme. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. A look for the history books. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Chelsea Clinton was congratulated by her parents, former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, at the finish line Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. The investigation is laying bare the extent of the conspiracy to derail the Trump campaign and thwart his presidency. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family “Some describe true friends as choosing your own family. I say it’s more like choosing your own army.” Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? ",880,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261787,2021-03-23 07:30:00,Why Elders Still Matter: How They Can Improve Your Company,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinesscouncil/2021/03/23/why-elders-still-matter-how-they-can-improve-your-company/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty Recent discussions surrounding inclusion in the workplace often focus primarily on race and gender. Ageism should also be part of the conversation. It’s a false narrative that one generation is better or more productive than the other. Best-in-class companies blend past learnings with the freedom that results from having little in the way of history. There are times I know the younger people in my life will do things faster than I will, yet some of those times they lack the context that can only come from a lifetime of experience. Here are some ways to leverage an older workforce: • Bring them back to work. Many employers are enjoying the benefits of virtual opportunities by bringing back older workers in nontraditional roles. They can be reliable, require little supervision and are plug-and-play. They can also bring technical skills and experience. Given today’s longer life expectancy, many older employees are eager to prolong their careers and earn extra income. • Ensure knowledge transfer. • Celebrate loyalty. • Maintain customer relationships. A mistake many companies make is undervaluing relationships that retiring employees have with customers. These relationships can span decades and are hard to replace, so keep in touch with retiring employees and learn from their connection with customers. One of the CEOs I coach has retired but remains a company spokesman to retain connectedness with key customers that could easily migrate elsewhere.  • Create mentorship opportunities. There is nothing quite like the relationship forged between a senior and a junior employee. Older employees are often willing to share their experiences and work habits in one-on-one relationships. Provide your younger employees access and training through mentorship programs. • Create diverse teams. Ensure your teams and pods mix older and younger employees. Different generations view the world differently and provide a variety of solutions. A junior employee might deploy technology quickly, and a senior employee might focus on traditional thinking. The combination of the two will create better solutions and products that are likely to endure. Older employees bring richness in telling stories from their years of experience at the company, too. As businesses pass various milestones, they can celebrate them with their employees and customers. Today we hear stories of pioneers such as Steve Jobs and Bill Gates. Someday, today’s emerging leaders will be telling stories of Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos. We should make sure we are retaining all of our employees and providing an environment where older employees are still relevant and valuable. ",416,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886275690,2021-03-23 06:00:00,Other Projects by Former and Present Politicians,https://www.newyorker.com/humor/daily-shouts/other-projects-by-former-and-present-politicians,en,False,,1101,New Yorker,http://www.newyorker.com/,"“Kiss & Tell with Henry Kissinger” Fans are finally going to get a much needed look at the nearly hundred-year-old former Secretary of State’s playful side. We all know him for spearheading the destruction of Cambodia, supporting murderous dictatorships, and being a general fan of genocide, which earned him the nickname Gen Hen. But did you also know that Kissinger has kissed some of the world’s most powerful ladies? Bravo’s Andy Cohen and Hank (as his friends call him) explore this flirty war criminal’s romantic past. As a bonus, watch the duo play games such as the Taming of the Coup: Brought to You by Ciroc, in which Kissinger has to oversee a military coup from in-studio. Sounds easy—but, with vodka in the mix, things get a little tricky. “It Takes a Village” A dramatic portrayal of Hillary Clinton’s years in Little Rock. Starring Reese Witherspoon as Clinton, this is the sweet and heartwarming story of a woman who befriends Willy—played by Joaquin Phoenix, as you’ve never seen him before—a death-row inmate tasked with renovating the governor’s mansion, per the long-standing Arkansas tradition of using prison labor for home maintenance. Clinton and Willy forge an unlikely bond, one that transcends guilt or innocence. Ultimately, she and her husband move into the White House, leaving Willy behind, but they think about him often during their time in D.C., fondly repeating their nickname for him: Crime Bill. “Are You on Key? with Aung San Suu Kyi” “Macarons with Emmanuel Macron” “Nothin’ but Netanyahu” Whereas his nine-to-five slam dunks are on the rights of the Palestinians, the real dream of the point guard Netanyahu, standing at a statuesque six feet tall, goes beyond building apartheid walls. His greatest love of all? Getting those triple-doubles. This summer, Bibi goes undercover with Mossad’s very own Yossi Cohen to see if the P.M. has what it takes to join Israel’s national basketball team. All while still pursuing his passion of eradicating Palestinians. That one’s important to him. He really needs to be able to do that, too. “Drone On Podcast with Obama” You may think that you’ve seen every side of this former President and reigning king of content, but, although we know all about his love of Marlboro Reds, Springsteen, and not closing Guantánamo, his latest podcast, “Drone On,” features Obama as you’ve never heard him before. He’ll get A-list celebrity guests to open up about their lives. And it’s a two-way street—we also get a glimpse of the intimate details about Obama’s daily life. Premium listeners get access to definitive lists of what Obama was listening to, reading, watching, and loving while signing off on his most iconic four hundred drone strikes. So, by the front door, you’ll notice that there’s a doormat! This doormat is great for getting my paws ready to wipe on the real mat, which is the wall! You may notice that we never say “office”—we want you to feel at home. I mean, what is home? It’s where your family is, and we are your family now. Cartoonist Suerynn Lee on how to draw bad dates, and how her improv background has taught her to create funny scenarios. ",530,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886275973,2021-03-23 07:45:17,Putin’s COVID-19 vaccination to be kept out of public eye,https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/putins-covid-19-vaccination-to-be-kept-out-of-public-eye/2021/03/23/3cd5b268-8bcd-11eb-a33e-da28941cb9ac_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_world,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886272634,2021-03-23 07:33:43,"Clubhouse could finally arrive on Android and ditch invite-only joining by the summer, CEO Paul Davison said",https://www.businessinsider.com/clubhouse-android-app-launch-release-date-invite-only-paul-davison-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. On Monday, he said that ""it's going to be really important that we just open up to everyone,"" adding that ""Android's going to be really important."" 
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",147,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886271803,2021-03-23 04:31:00,Citizen journalist faces criticism for livestreaming Boulder mass shooting,https://news.yahoo.com/citizen-journalist-under-fire-livestreaming-081513819.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"Police cars outside the King Soopers grocery store where a gunman opened fire on Monday killing 10 people The shooting at the supermarket killed 10 people, including one police officer, and a suspect is receiving medical treatment. In the video, one person can be seen lying on the floor inside the store and two more outside on the ground. What sounds like two gunshots are also heard at the beginning of the video. At one point, a handcuffed man in police custody was seen in the video who was wearing only underwear and appeared to have blood on his leg. Police haven’t confirmed whether he is the suspect receiving treatment. Mr Schiller was removed from the scene a bit later, and has been interviewed by several media outlets as a witness. Read more Boulder shooting live: Ten dead after ‘active shooter’ at Colorado King Soopers Store Bloody handcuffed man pulled from Colorado mass shooting site after victims fled in grocery store ‘stampede’ Ten dead, including a police officer, in Colorado grocery store mass shooting Some social media users have suggested that he walked past the victims during his stream without doing anything to help them. “10 People dead, 30K watched #Boulder,” a user, Angelika Sabine wrote. “Dean Schiller from Boulder livestreamed the shooting scene at the King Soopers while walking past injured/shot victims. He did absolutely nothing to help anyone. He didn’t render aid, only filmed and passed on the location of Police officers.” “This Dean Schiller guy live streaming this shooting literally walked past three victims and didn’t even attempt to try and help them,” another user William A Hirsch wrote. “He just kept recording the situation in Boulder for the clout.” This Dean Schiller guy live streaming this shooting literally walked past three victims and didn't even attempt to try and help them. He just kept recording the situation in Boulder for the clout. Mr Schiller was also criticised by those suggesting he could have revealed tactical police information during the still active shooter situation. Authorities asked media outlets not to reveal such information in their coverage. According to the Associated Press, Mr Schiller and Jedon Kerr, who describe themselves as citizen journalists, sued the City of Boulder in 2019 after they were arrested and jailed — but never charged — for filming in and around the Boulder County Jail. Their attorney in that lawsuit, David Lane of Killmer, Lane and Newman, did not immediately return an email seeking comment. The Denver independent weekly newspaper Westword wrote a story about the lawsuit in June 2019, in which they described Mr Schiller as a personal trainer and a police watchdog. He was quoted saying: ""It was extremely important, though, that we not break any laws or obstruct officers from doing their jobs."" Additional reporting by agencies  “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Chelsea Clinton was congratulated by her parents, former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, at the finish line Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. A look for the history books. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. The investigation is laying bare the extent of the conspiracy to derail the Trump campaign and thwart his presidency. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family “Some describe true friends as choosing your own family. I say it’s more like choosing your own army.” Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? ",890,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261778,2021-03-23 07:30:00,Supply Chains After The Covid Pandemic: Resilience More Important Than Cost,https://www.forbes.com/sites/billconerly/2021/03/23/supply-chains-after-the-covid-pandemic-resilience-more-important-than-cost/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Supply chains worry business leaders now. A banner printing company owner frets about vinyl being delivered from China. A manufacturing executive isn’t sure when electronic components for his products will be delivered from Taiwan. A plastics extruder sees disruption of his raw materials from the Texas storms. And a home remodeling contractor warns clients of longer lead times for carpet, tile and plumbing fixtures. The news shows pictures of ships at anchor outside ports in Los Angeles/Long Beach, Oakland and Savannah waiting for dock space to open up. Transportation rates have soared for all modes. The Biden administration has not yet removed tariffs imposed by the Trump administration, though that’s likely. In short, global supply chains are chaotic. Some current supply problems are temporary—but others will pop up in the future. The pandemic and its likely aftermath call for a re-thinking of supply chains. More emphasis on flexibility and less on cost reduction will be vital for company profits going forward. Placing less emphasis on costs may seem an unlikely way to raise profits, but if a $2,000 product cannot be shipped because a $10 component was delayed in transit, then profits suffer. In competitive activities—such as business as well as sports—we often think of peak performance: How good is a player or a company when it’s at its best. But a more important question is how often performance is at peak capability? We’ve all seen a football kicker who previously scored a field goal from 50 yards out miss one from 40 yards. The golfer who shot par last week may be six over on the same course this week. And a company whose supply hums along perfectly for a year may suddenly not be able to fulfill this week’s commitments. An old sailor once recommended the “three accidents” rule, which asks how many accidents must happen before you die. His goal was to have enough protection that three separate accidents would have to happen before he died. Using an afternoon sail on San Francisco Bay as an example, he said suppose a wire stay fails and your mast comes down. Nobody dies. Now imagine that the engine won’t start. Still nobody dies. Now imagine that these two accidents happen while the boat is crossing in front of a freighter. Yep, people would die. The old salt taught us to leave plenty of room between us and large ships but more broadly to imagine what could go wrong. Three might not be the right number of accidents to worry about in every situation, so long as business leaders consider what problems could cause a company to lose money. Suppose those $10 electronic components are delayed six weeks. Is there a way to prevent that possibility from killing profits for the quarter? For any possible problem, key personnel should brainstorm solutions. Inventory management can protect a company from supply chain failures. That could mean extra raw materials, work in progress or finished products. Of the raw materials, supply of some components may be very reliable. Commodities such as polyethylene or steel plate will be readily available, though sometimes at a high price. Usually, though, the cost of commodities is a low enough fraction of total manufacturing costs that a short period of high prices won’t sink a business’s finances. At the other extreme, custom-made components are the most fragile part of a supply chain. Whether plastic, metal or wood, they are often made with custom tooling. Loss of the tooling in a fire or other way could delay production for months. Closure of the company making the component might also delay deliveries. Brainstorming this challenge might push the problem to engineering and design to see if a standard part could be used instead of the custom part. Standard parts are usually less expensive, but even if not their supply reliability could argue in their favor. The supply chain vulnerability discussion can be broadened to include a company’s own production. Could a vital machine go down, or a couple of critical workers give each other a virus, or the entire plant flood? Carrying high levels of inventory to limit supply chain problems flies in the face of decades of advice for businesses to keep inventory lean. That advice was developed when interest rates were high, so holding inventory was expensive. It still make sense for bananas and fashion items that may be out of style next month. For many products, however, obsolescence is slow. If theft is also a low risk, as it is for many industrial products, then inventory is pretty cheap. And its value is higher the more fragile the supply chain. Using multiple vendors, across different regions, is another approach to consider. Concentrating orders among a small number of suppliers typically lowers cost, but minimizing cost is not as important as ensuring availability of supplies. Another consideration should be proximity of the supplier. More things can go wrong with materials coming from across the ocean than from down the street. However, the location of the vendor may not be the crucial issue. The wholesaler down the street may be importing products from a factory across the ocean. Conversations with vendors should clarify all of the steps necessary for the vendor to deliver on time. Having the conversation adds emphasis that the topic as critical to earning repeat business. Protecting a company from supply chain failures will be a frustrating exercise. There are seldom perfect, cheap solutions. Yet executives who want their company to remain in business in the years to come must think through their supply chain risk, develop continency plans and incorporate this thinking into their entire operations system. ",943,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886279048,2021-03-23 07:49:20,Fire At Rohingya Refugee Camp Destroys Hundreds Of Shelters,https://www.huffpost.com/entry/rohingya-fire-bangladesh_n_6059d476c5b6bd95118011bf,en,True,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"COX’S BAZAR, Bangladesh (AP) — A devastating fire raced through a sprawling Rohingya refugee camp in southern Bangladesh on Monday, destroying hundreds of shelters and leaving thousands homeless, officials and witnesses said. The fire at Balukhali camp in Cox’s Bazar district broke out in the late afternoon and spread quickly through at least four blocks, said Mohammad Shamsud Douza, additional commissioner of the government’s Refugee, Relief and Repatriation Commission. He said at least four units of firefighters were struggling to control the blaze due to its rapid spread. Louise Donovan, a spokeswoman for the U.N. refugee agency, said in an email that fire services, rescue and response teams and volunteers were at the scene. “So far the fire has affected shelters, health centers, distribution points and other facilities. Volunteers are supporting those affected,” she said. No casualties were immediately reported, but deaths and injuries were feared. No details on the missing could be confirmed. Two Rohingya refugees told The Associated Press at the scene that the fire had spread very quickly and continued to rage into the night Monday. Several videos posted on social media showed clouds of smoke billowing from the camp. Bangladesh has sheltered more than a million Rohingya Muslims, the vast majority having fled Myanmar in 2017 in a major crackdown by Myanmar’s military. The U.N. has said the crackdown had a genocidal intent, a charge Myanmar rejects. Bangladesh has hosted the refugees in crowded refugee camps and is eager to begin sending them back to Buddhist-majority Myanmar. Several attempts at repatriation under a joint agreement failed because the Rohingya refused to go, fearing more violence in a country that denies them basic rights including citizenship. In January, another fire destroyed hundreds of shanty-like homes in the camp, leaving thousands without shelter. ",296,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886278031,2021-03-23 07:30:37,NBA legends like Dr. J agree: Elgin Baylor revolutionized game,http://feeds.latimes.com/~r/latimes/sports/football/nfl/~3/kB2oswLegLY/elgin-baylor-dr-j-legends-revolutionized-nba,en,True,,6,LA Times,http://www.latimes.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886275674,2021-03-23 06:00:00,Should Gig Work Be Government-Run?,https://www.newyorker.com/tech/annals-of-technology/should-gig-work-be-government-run,en,False,,1101,New Yorker,http://www.newyorker.com/,"Throughout the fall, Prop. 22 had been a subject of intense debate. The gig-work companies argued that, if it didn’t pass, prices would go up; they  threatened to take away workers’ flexible schedules. Gig workers, labor unions, and Democratic politicians, meanwhile, contended that the platforms were impoverishing their workers, dismissed as a false choice the trade-off between flexibility and benefits, and cautioned against setting a legal precedent for other states. It was the costliest ballot measure fight in California history, with the gig platforms pouring more than two hundred million dollars into the campaign for Prop. 22—outspending their opponents ten to one. The mood in California’s progressive circles was grim. The invited speaker at that morning’s event, a British policy entrepreneur named Wingham Rowan, maintained that the real battle lay elsewhere. Sixty years old, with dark hair, a lean face, and glasses, Rowan has a youthful affect and a quick wit honed through a career as a TV host. He called Proposition 22 a “tempest in a teapot”—“a sideshow”—and told the audience not to think of it as “some sort of endgame in the fight for precarious workers’ rights.” During a data-dense presentation, he outlined eight major challenges faced by gig workers: misclassification, lack of benefits, no progression, high worker overhead, misleading promises from employers, sudden market closures, pay cuts, and having an algorithm as a boss. He said that defeating Prop. 22 would solve only the first issue, part of the second, and maybe the fourth, then offered an ambitious plan that he thought could address all eight. Rowan’s idea is to create markets for gig work that are run as public utilities, by non-profits and governments. Instead of getting work through a private company, such as Uber, a job seeker in Rowan’s system could use a Web site or app overseen by the government and regulated to promote the public interest. Many kinds of work could be offered through such public platforms, not just driving. The platforms could be run on open-source software, such as the system that has been built by his nonprofit, Modern Markets for All; private companies might bid to operate them, following the concession model currently used in national lotteries and parks. Such an approach wouldn’t use regulation to hobble the gig-work Goliaths. It would compete with them, combining many gig-work options into a broader labor market designed to benefit workers and the public. “What does a really healthy hourly labor market look like in the twenty-first century?” Rowan asked the Zoom’s participants, from his book-lined office in London. As he enumerated such a market’s optimal features—the power to draw economic activity out of the informal economy; minimal transaction fees; responsiveness not just to labor laws but to workers’ ultimate goals, which might include education and training—it became clear what he was not imagining. “Everything I just described does not add up to a sizzling Silicon Valley investment opportunity,” he said. “It’s a public utility.” Rowan offered an example of the sort of transaction that might be conducted on publicly run gig-work software. Suppose that you were Oakland’s city government, and you were in search of window-washers. “If you wanted to know how many people did window-cleaning bookings on a Tuesday morning, within three miles of Oakland City Hall, where the worker was under twenty-six and had previously been in the services, it will tell you,” he said, of the software. “If you want to compare their earnings to classroom assistants, working part time, on the eastern side of town, it will do that for you. You gain huge pools of actionable data that can be used to plot interventions, find the strugglers who need help.” Citizens could use the same software to book child care, yard work, tutoring, or bike repair, and to buy or rent appliances, vehicles, and living space. As on Uber, buyers and sellers would accumulate reliability records; unlike on Uber, features such as health-care contributions and retirement benefits could be built in. This gig-work market wouldn’t be run for profit but to facilitate local economic exchange. “You can have it for the East Bay tomorrow,” Rowan said, of the core software. For more than a decade, Rowan has been trying to get such markets going. On Zoom, he shared an image of a plummeting graph: it showed the number of available hours listed by workers after the launch of a small, public gig-work market in London. “The first week, with very little publicity, they had eighteen thousand hours of residents’ availability for work,” he said. But “they had seventy hours of demand from employers, because nobody had thought to outreach to the demand side.” The lesson, he thought, was clear: “People desperately need a better model for this kind of work—they will sign up in droves. But the employers will be much slower.” In Oakland and elsewhere, Rowan is now trying, with increasing success, to convince governments and employers to join in creating gig-work platforms for the people. Rowan, who grew up in a small village in the west of England, is not so much a stereotypical “founder” as an irrepressibly inventive brewer of schemes. At sixteen, he decided that he wanted to be a journalist and immediately began pitching ideas to local newspapers and television stations. For one paper, he wrote on what bored kids could do over the school holidays; for a late-night TV program, he made a spot on fun ideas for teen-agers. “I got this notion that pushing ideas was a way to have an exciting life, compared to my peers who were plugging through their exams,” he told me. Rowan speaks in rapid, precise sentences bursting with data and details; if you didn’t know his background, you might easily confuse him for a policy adviser or an academic. In fact, he never attended university, and instead went straight to work as a runner and a program host for a television station. In 1982, he began hosting “Rowan’s Report,” a children’s television show which profiled successful British children—singers, dancers, models, swimmers. The show lasted only two seasons, and at twenty-three Rowan switched from presenting to producing, hopping between shows on current events and pop culture. He began travelling and reading voraciously, visiting Romania, South Africa, and Gaza, and devouring books on economics, technology, and history. By 1995, he had created and begun hosting a late-night TV show about people with kinks—foot fetishists, voyeurs, adults aroused by wearing diapers—who connected with one another over the then-novel Internet. Rowan credits his experience on the show with the initial idea for creating digital markets that function as public utilities. “I just thought, there’s got to be more to it than people telling each other where the best hotel-room windows are for voyeurs,” he said. In 1994, Rowan crafted a proposal about online goods and labor markets and shared it with Geoff Mulgan, the founding director of Demos, a cross-party think tank that strives to bridge entrenched political divides. Mulgan, who holds a Ph.D. in telecommunications, remembered how, at that time, many people assumed that the Internet would become an empowering, egalitarian alternative to economies dominated by huge corporations. “That assumption was completely wrong, as it turned out,” Mulgan told me. But, at the time, it seemed obvious that the Internet could soon enable new kinds of markets, allowing wealth to circulate within communities rather than flowing away to corporate shareholders. Craigslist was founded in 1995, and the power of bottom-up online marketplaces was a thrilling novelty, overshadowing the possibility of corporatization. The city of Los Angeles is currently considering a motion that would begin the process of creating an online, public labor market; in November, Los Angeles County voters passed Measure J, a law that will bar hundreds of millions of dollars in funding from being spent on incarceration and law enforcement, directing it toward social services. “Measure J talks about things like mental-health support, entry-level ladders into the job market, creating work,” Rowan said. He believes that a gig-work market would be the best way to actually create employment. “Let’s assume that I’m a young guy living in East L.A.,” he said. “If there are funds available to give me work, and to get me some sort of support, then the question becomes, how is all that scheduled?” He imagined a hypothetical job seeker who’d previously worked in retail and hospitality; such a person could be hired, on an hourly basis, into a government-run mentor-mentee program, while finding other work on the same platform. Instead of trying to create new jobs wholesale, the system could provide work an hour at a time. Rowan divides gig workers into three categories. There are the “voluntary irregulars,” who choose to take on gigs such as driving for Lyft or similar companies. There are the “forced irregulars,” who want full-time jobs but can’t find them, and so turn to gig work out of necessity. Finally, there are the “core irregulars,” who can’t work full time because of medical or family circumstances and depend on gig work for its flexibility. “Maybe I have back pain that comes and goes, so I don’t know if I can work tomorrow—I’ll know when I wake up,” Rowan said. “Maybe I have two parents with Alzheimer’s. Can I work tomorrow? I’ll have to decide at lunchtime.” For people in the latter two categories, especially, gig work is a badly fraying lifeline. In 2019, the Federal Reserve reported that fifty-eight per cent of full-time gig workers said that they would find it hard to come up with four hundred dollars in the event of an emergency. And yet for some people the flexibility and spontaneity of gig work is a boon. In reforming or rethinking the system, the challenge is keeping the good aspects while minimizing the bad. There are ways in which the business models of today’s gig-work platforms limit their usefulness for workers. Most platforms focus on a single, narrow business, such as food delivery; backed by deep-pocketed investors, they keep prices unsustainably low so as to achieve market dominance quickly. Meanwhile, many keep as much as thirty per cent of each fare. Rowan argues that a publicly owned gig-work platform could keep a much smaller share of each transaction—perhaps as little as two per cent—leaving more money available to provide decent wages and benefits. And a public gig-work market could offer different kinds of work, some higher-paying. Perhaps someone who drives for Uber today was once employed as a classroom assistant, a chef, or a home health aide; a publicly owned gig-work market could offer that kind of work, too, allowing the worker to have a mix of gigs that could add up to the equivalent of a full-time job, with benefits. Rowan argues that, by gathering a wide range of jobs in a single, transparent digital market, public gig-work platforms could transform how we work and hire. Parents might use a platform to identify a babysitter who lives within a two-mile radius of their home, offering a premium for someone with good reliability ratings who has a recent first-aid certification. Babysitters, meanwhile, could use pricing data to gauge how much more they might earn if they got certified; they could also see how much they might make if they transitioned to teaching or youth-sports coaching, or just provided babysitting in an area with higher demand. Rather than functioning as treadmills that lock desperate workers into low-quality jobs, the markets could help them to identify areas of demand and grow their skills. Rowan pictures an ideal scenario, which he calls the “big vision.” If public e-markets really took off, they would fill with a constant hum of microeconomic activity, drawing an ever-wider set of people into exchanges of goods and services without private companies cashing in. Haircutting would be bought and sold alongside graphic design and auto repair. Neighbors would rent out bikes and power drills, cars and spare rooms, boosting their reliability scores with each exchange, reducing the need to buy expensive, carbon-costly appliances, and keeping money circulating in local economies. Rather than circumventing local governments and communities, Rowan says, such markets could strengthen them. Single parents below a certain income threshold could receive vouchers to buy child care from other people on the service; investors could use the platforms to subsidize training for workers in exchange for a capped percentage of their future earnings. Rowan believes that, by enabling these imaginative transactions, such systems could lift many workers out of economic precarity. If he is right, there’s an undiscovered world of social and economic potential latent in the gig-work markets run by companies such as Uber and Lyft. All we have to do is build the public infrastructure to unlock it. Attempts to create public gig-work markets have succeeded in some ways and foundered in others. In November, 2010, the supermarket chain Tesco, Britain’s largest private-sector employer, launched a flexible-hours program using software that Rowan and his team had developed. Workers could sell their extra hours to different Tesco stores on short notice, getting extra work based on their own schedules and commutes. In the first week after it launched, fifteen thousand employees signed up for extra shifts. Rowan urged the company to open its market beyond Tesco, so that workers with transferrable skills could pick up hours from other employers, too. Initially—incredibly—it appeared that Tesco might take the leap; eventually, it balked. “It became clear they absolutely weren’t interested,” Rowan said. “They wanted a closed market, just for Tesco workers to sell their spare hours to Tesco in a monopsony.” In a monopsony market, there is only one buyer, and so there is no upward pressure on wages. The program wound down in early 2012. In 2013, inspired by Rowan, the U.K. government planned to include a public gig-work market called Slivers of Time in its Universal Credit program—a welfare-reform initiative meant to simplify and streamline the country’s Byzantine social-service system. The market would have allowed beneficiaries to pick up a few hours of work without losing their housing and social-service benefits. Some within the U.K.’s Department for Work and Pensions opposed the idea, on the grounds that it seemed unlikely to move people off welfare and would allow them to earn money while receiving benefits; this was, of course, largely the point. In the end, overspending, staff turnover, and controversy plagued the launch of Universal Credit, and the government narrowed its mission, focussing on creating regular, full-time jobs, rather than introducing a market for irregular labor. In general, when governments think about boosting employment, they focus on full-time work, rather than on improving the nature and benefits of gig work. There are exceptions: through a social enterprise called GoodPeople, Richard Tyrie, a member of Rowan’s board, is planning to launch a public market for irregular labor later this year, in partnership with the government of Essex County, in the U.K. (Tyrie is hoping to get the National Health Service—which often hires through staffing agencies—to list jobs on his platform.) Rowan suspects that many younger people are giving up on the idea of traditional full-time employment. “Twentysomethings talk about having a job like having a fax machine,” he told the Zoom audience at “Beyond the Gig Economy.” Stephen Baiter, the executive director of the East Bay Economic Development Alliance, expressed a similar view: “The notion that people should only work forty hours a week and that all benefits should come from the employer—it’s a pretty uniquely American system,” he said, in a separate conversation. And yet the politics of gig work are fraught. In California, the fight over Proposition 22 has made the subject especially incendiary. Some public figures worry that supporting gig work in any form will be seen as capitulating to predatory companies such as Uber and Lyft; many unions and their supporters categorically oppose any proposals related to gig work, fearing that even well-intentioned interventions will only further erode the market for decent full-time jobs. Rowan has imagined systems for unionized gig work, and mapped out how undocumented workers could safely sell their services online. Still, it may be difficult to convince progressives that gig work can form part of a just solution. Long Beach, California is the setting for a recent attempt at a Rowan-esque public gig-work market. Using software that Rowan’s team developed, Pacific Gateway, a local public workforce agency, operates a child-care platform called Work Long Beach. It’s a far cry from the “big vision”: the site lets families that qualify as low-income, or that have a first responder, book up to forty hours a week of free child care from gig workers; all of the people selling their labor on the market are employees of a nonprofit called Skills4Care, and the system currently serves around two hundred families. Before the pandemic, Pacific Gateway’s executive director, Nick Schultz, was planning to organize a much more ambitious market for irregular labor that would include flexible jobs in health care, transportation, logistics, retail, and hospitality. He hopes to resume that effort as the country reopens—creating, he told me, “a cross-sector approach” that “actually smashes all those vertical algorithms and puts all the available demand on one level, horizontal playing field.” Recently, the California legislature’s Assembly Committee on Jobs, Economic Development, and the Economy presented Work Long Beach to the state’s governor, Gavin Newsom, recommending that the program be scaled up. Since the pandemic began, Rowan has been working from his home in London, often taking calls late into the evening. His nonprofit has employed large teams in the past, but it’s now an organization of one. (Not a coder himself, Rowan has partnered with an external software-development team.) He works six long days each week, without a salary; his husband, a doctor who works for the N.H.S., supports them both. Many of Rowan’s days are spent in conversation with local officials in Europe, the U.K., and the U.S. He pitches private philanthropists, gives briefings to foundations, and strategizes with champions of his work. He persuades a city-council member here, a state representative there. When Uber launched, in 2009, it had already been more than a decade since Rowan had articulated an expansive theory of what gig-work markets could become. In some ways, he sees today’s platforms as limited instantiations of a model with vast potential—a passing stage in a broader arc. In the nineteen-eighties and nineties, CompuServe and America Online were dominant players in the consumer-Internet industry; today, we know that they were only temporary behemoths, soon to be swept away by the tidal wave of the World Wide Web. Rowan thinks that we might look back on Uber and Lyft with a similar feeling of amused bewilderment. We’ll laugh at the early years of gig work, when it was strangely precarious and limited to only a few jobs—driving, delivering food. “The phrase ‘gig work’ has become synonymous with a particularly unpleasant exploitative model of labor markets, but it doesn’t have to be that way,” Rowan told me recently. “People can work irregular hours on their own terms and build portfolios of employment and progress upwards on a ladder—but only public agencies can make that model work, because they have unique needs and leverage and authority.” We talked for a while about the unsung heroes of public infrastructure, whom he finds deeply admirable. “Penny postage was the creation of a schoolteacher in the English Midlands,” he said, his voice vibrating with enthusiasm. The ideas of Rowland Hill, who helped create the one-penny stamp in the late eighteen-thirties, were initially denounced as “wild” and “preposterous,” Rowan said; once instituted, however, they proved popular, and in Rowan’s view, were catalysts of immense and positive change. “We had a literate workforce because penny postage meant that people could move from home, knowing they could stay in touch,” he said. “But then they would have to learn to read, and so we had an educated workforce, and that meant that they could read manuals. All these things had rolling consequences.” The largely forgotten infrastructural pioneers—the founders of public-water systems, road networks, and postal systems—it’s as one of these figures that Rowan hopes one day to be remembered. “They spent years in the wilderness,” he said. “But they ultimately created something of value.” When the Dutch politician Marietje Schaake arrived in Silicon Valley, she realized just how bizarre American thinking about the industry had become. In an attempt to work more effectively, we’ve accidentally deployed an inhumane way to collaborate. Ched Markovic and his wife, Maria, have been running a little plant shop in Manhattan for over forty years. Their plants are thriving, but is their marriage? Matthew Beck’s film “Noble Planta” explores this sometimes strained relationship. ",3447,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886272630,2021-03-23 07:48:27,"SpaceX is betting big on its UK Starlink rollout, and is in talks to become part of the government's $6.9 billion 'Project Gigabit' plan for rural internet",https://www.businessinsider.com/spacex-starlink-uk-satellite-internet-government-project-gigabit-elon-musk-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. An Arqiva spokesperson declined to comment to Insider. SpaceX didn't immediately respond to Insider's request for comment. But Starlink satellites or those from OneWeb — a UK satellite company that was rescued by the government from bankruptcy in November 2020 — are preferred options because their technology are already in use, Sky reported. 
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",174,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261773,2021-03-23 07:30:00,Oregon’s Alcohol Producers Temporarily Stop A 3000% Tax Hike,https://www.forbes.com/sites/taranurin/2021/03/23/oregons-alcohol-producers-temporarily-stop-a-3000-tax-hike/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"What happens to Oregon’s alcohol taxes? That’s what the former sponsor of a spiked bill to raise taxes on alcohol by up to 3,000% wants to know before she decides whether to back any similar bills in the future. The proposal to increase the business privilege tax on producers and importers of beer and cider from $2.60 to $72.60 per barrel and from $0.65 to $10.65 on every barrel of wine died in the state legislature Friday a week after Rep. Rachel Prusak (D) revoked her support. That left the bill, which also required the state to raise retail liquor prices every two years, with just one sponsor and the primary proponent asking to hold off on pushing it forward for now. Three years ago, Brown declared addiction a public health emergency and drew attention to the fact that Oregonians suffer from drug and alcohol abuse problems ranked as the third worst in the nation and have such limited access to services that they fall almost dead last among the 50 states. Prusak says she’s glad the bill launched a needed conversation about ways to funnel more funding to addiction services but wants to talk to stakeholders before committing to an approach. Critics say she should have done that in the first place.    After 40 years without raising the privilege tax on beer and wine producers and importers, Oregon enjoys some of the lowest alcohol taxes in the nation. But like Prusak, opponents of the increase argue they shouldn’t be taxed with answering the question of how much more they can give until their elected officials can answer the question of where their money is already going. The first step into that maze lands a researcher in an annual report filed by the Oregon Liquor Control Commission, which manages revenues from alcohol production and sales. Over the last two-year budget cycle, which ended in FY 2019, the OLCC contributed $519 million to Oregon’s coffers. But to decipher how much of that funds addiction services and how much funds unrelated priorities requires said researcher to follow multiple divergent paths.   Put as simply as possible, $18 million of that $519 million went directly to mental health and drug and alcohol addiction programs, $635,700 went to the Oregon Wine Board, $138 million went to cities and counties (which presumably spent some on local prevention and treatment programs), and half — $260 million — went to the state’s general fund, whose expenditures comprise slightly more than a quarter of the state’s total budget. According to the state, the general fund covers appropriations to “agencies that do not generate revenues, receive federal funds or generate sufficient other funds to support their approved programs.”  Personal income taxes make up the vast majority of the general fund’s financial stream, with the lottery, cigarette taxes and alcohol taxes and fees comprising much of the rest. Its largest expenditure — more than a third — funds K-12 education, though a small amount does go to fight addiction through various channels. The defunct bill would have created an Addiction Crisis Recovery Fund, which would have cleared up some confusion and reserved more money for prevention and treatment of drug and alcohol addiction by receiving and distributing funds specifically earmarked for this purpose. That said, the bill’s funding formula would have siphoned the lesser of either 56% or $179.5 million of the remainder of the increased tax revenues right back into the general fund, with some designated for mental health but most going to cities and counties to spend at their discretion.  Newport, OR -- Rogue Ales beer flight With a 17% tax on legal cannabis, the department of revenue collected $102.1 million in taxes in fiscal 2019 and $133 million in fiscal 2020.  PBJ reports that Oregon was giving 40% of that revenue to schools, 20% to an account for Mental Health, Alcoholism and Drug Services, 5% to the Oregon Health Authority for alcohol and drug abuse prevention and the rest to law enforcement. Under the so-called Measure 110, which decriminalized small amounts of recreational hard drugs last fall, the state will now direct much of that marijuana money to programs designed for drug abusers and away from the health authority’s mental health, alcoholism and drug services account.  The state’s website promises, “Options to offset impacts on current service delivery are currently being discussed.” ",725,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886279038,2021-03-23 07:54:30,‘American Idol’ Contestant Collapses On Stage In Terrifying Moment,https://www.huffpost.com/entry/funke-lagoke-american-idol-faint_n_6059c1dbc5b6cebf58d17464,en,False,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"General Assignment Reporter, HuffPost “Funke, you got yourself to the end. The problem is ... ” Richie said before Lagoke fainted, landing with an alarming thud. Lagoke was treated for dehydration at a hospital and released, the show reported. Meanwhile, Richie informed Felton that the two of them would be returning to “American Idol” for the showstopper round. “I can’t say that I’m happy in this moment, I’m just worried about her health more than anything,” Felton said. “I feel like that’s the No. 1 important thing right now. I just want to let her know that I love her, that I care about her, I want her to be OK.” The incident unfolds beginning at the 5:00 mark. General Assignment Reporter, HuffPost ",124,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886275651,2021-03-23 06:00:00,Ayşegül Savaş Reads “Future Selves”,https://www.newyorker.com/podcast/the-authors-voice/aysegul-savas-reads-future-selves,en,False,,1101,New Yorker,http://www.newyorker.com/,"The author discusses “Future Selves,” her story from the latest issue of the magazine. Richard Brody on Greta Gerwig's performance in Mary Bronstein's “Yeast,” from 2008. ",27,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886280483,2021-03-23 07:52:20,"Derek Chauvin trial: Jury could be seated Tuesday, as court seeks one more alternate",https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2021/03/23/derek-chauvin-trial/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_national,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"MINNEAPOLIS — Jury selection was completed Tuesday in the trial of Derek Chauvin, the former Minneapolis police officer charged in George Floyd’s death. One final juror — a White man in his 20s — was picked Tuesday, bringing the total to 15 jurors seated and paving the way for opening statements in the landmark trial to begin Monday. But Hennepin County District Judge Peter A. Cahill said he planned to dismiss the final juror Monday to move forward with a panel of 12 jurors and two alternates, describing the extra alternate as an insurance policy to make sure the court has enough jurors in place to begin testimony. “The whole point of this 15th juror was to make sure that we have 14 people show up on Monday,” Cahill said. “Nevertheless, I’m still not going to release the jury pool until the jury is sworn, on the off chance that we still have to pick some alternates.” Just over 70 people were questioned during the process of seating a jury in a case that has drawn national attention and continues to inspire intense and conflicted emotions in a city where many remain traumatized by Floyd’s death and the civil unrest that followed. Few jurors summoned in the case arrived without some knowledge of the events surrounding Floyd’s death. And almost all admitted to having a “negative” view of Chauvin, the White police officer filmed with his knee on Floyd’s neck for more than nine minutes during a police investigation last May as the Black man complained of struggling to breathe and ultimately died. But the court quickly replaced them and went on to pick seven more — a faster pace than many involved in the case had expected. Cahill had set aside three weeks for jury selection, with the option to extend it. The court also summoned a larger-than-usual pool of prospective jurors — about 326 people, according to numbers Chauvin’s defense team provided in a court filing last week. The seated jury is more diverse than many expected from Hennepin County, where the population is about 80 percent White. The 15 seated jurors include one Black woman, two multiracial women, three White men, three Black men and six White women. Four jurors are in their 20s, three are in their 30s, three are in their 40s, four are in their 50s and one is in their 60s. The man seated Tuesday — identified in court as Juror No. 131 — described himself as a married accountant who would bring an analytical approach to the case. But like many jurors questioned during the grueling and often intense process, the man had nuanced views on issues of policing and race. Under defense questioning, the man said he held a “somewhat negative” view of Chauvin, saying he felt the officer had used “unnecessary” force on Floyd. He generally agreed that police officers tend to use more force on people who are Black. But he also said he had respect for law enforcement, saying police officers perform a dangerous job and provide a “valuable” service to the community. While the man expressed a “somewhat favorable” view of Black Lives Matter, he felt the movement was a “contributing factor” to the civil unrest that erupted here after Floyd’s death, leaving hundreds of buildings damaged or destroyed. Asked about the decision of professional athletes who have knelt during the national anthem to protest racial injustice in America, the juror said he understood why they did it but wishes they wouldn’t. Standing during the national anthem shows “respect of those that have come before us and the system that we have in the United States,” the man said, adding he preferred a “different method” for protesting athletes to “get their message across.” Nelson has argued that jurors won’t be able to put the news out of their minds, even if they swear under oath that they are able to do so, because most already view Chauvin in a negative light. In a court filing made public Friday, Nelson said two-thirds of the 326 potential jurors summoned in the case said they had a “negative” opinion of his client on a questionnaire the court distributed months before the settlement announcement. He said more than half the jury pool expressed a “neutral” view of Floyd. Of the 15 jurors seated in the case so far, only one said he had not seen all or some of the viral video of Chauvin kneeling on Floyd’s neck. Nine of the 15 said they had heard about the $27 million settlement. All said they could put what they knew of the case aside and judge Chauvin based on facts presented in court. Cahill had originally indicated he had the option of picking 12 jurors and up to four alternates — adding up to a panel of 16. But covid-19 precautions has limited the number of people allowed inside the courtroom — including jurors. “Fourteen, that’s all we have room for,” Cahill said Tuesday. “We could seat at 15 if we had room.” Floyd was killed May 25 after being handcuffed and restrained facedown on a south Minneapolis street during a police investigation of a counterfeit $20 bill that allegedly had been passed at a local market. Chauvin faces charges of second- and third-degree murder and second-degree manslaughter. Three other officers charged in the case — J. Alexander Kueng, Thomas K. Lane and Tou Thao — are set to be tried separately in August. The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",929,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886272627,2021-03-23 07:59:35,One chart shows how the top 1% of Americans have grown their wealth in the last 20 years,https://www.businessinsider.com/top-1-americans-added-4-trillion-to-wealth-in-2020-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. From the end of 2019 to 2020, the top 1% of Americans added just about $4 trillion to their wealth.  They gained just about that much in 2019 too; the top 1% had $30.35 trillion in the fourth quarter of 2018, and had $34.58 trillion by the end of 2019. Meanwhile, the bottom 50% of Americans don't even hold as much wealth in total as the top 1% gained in 2020. At the end of 2020, the bottom 50% had $2.49 trillion in total household wealth. The bottom half increased their wealth by $0.47 trillion from the fourth quarter of 2019 to the fourth quarter of 2020. While that's a far cry from the gains the top 1% saw, it's still almost a 25% increase from the fourth quarter of 2019 to the fourth quarter of 2020.  Even before 2020, household wealth did not increase much for the bottom 50%. The bottom 50% held 3.4% of wealth in the first quarter of 2000, higher than the 2.0% they held at the end of 2020.  
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",295,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261767,2021-03-23 07:30:00,Sorrento Therapeutics Stock Has Fallen 6% In A Week: Are Gains Now Expected?,https://www.forbes.com/sites/greatspeculations/2021/03/23/sorrento-therapeutics-stock-has-fallen-6-in-a-week-are-gains-now-expected/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"MACHINE LEARNING ENGINE – try it yourself:   Some Fun Scenarios, FAQs & Making Sense of Sorrento Therapeutics Stock Movements:     Case 1: Sorrento Therapeutics stock drops by -5% or more in a week   Case 2: Sorrento Therapeutics stock rises by 5% or more in a week   Is the average return for Sorrento Therapeutics stock higher over the subsequent month after Case 1 or Case 2?   For S&P 500, there is a clear upside to the benchmark index after it has shed some value. More specifically, the S&P 500 has an average return of 3.1% over the next month (twenty-one trading days) under Case 1 (where the S&P has just suffered a 5% loss over the previous week), versus, an average return of just 0.5% for Case 2.   Try the Trefis machine learning engine to test for yourself what you see for Sorrento Therapeutics stock.   Question 2: Does patience pay?     Overall, according to data and Trefis machine learning engine’s calculations, patience absolutely pays for most stocks!   As a comparison, after a drop of 5% in S&P 500 over a week (five trading days), while the average return for the S&P 500 over the subsequent week is just 1.1%, the average return figure over the next six-month period (126 trading days) increases to 7.4% and further to 15.5% over the next year (252 trading days). The table below shows the trend for S&P 500: Worthy to note row 3 in the table above - you are more likely to make more money investing in the S&P500 for a week than you are for two weeks.  You can try the engine to see what does that table look like for Sorrento Therapeutics.      It’s pretty powerful to test the trend for yourself for Sorrento Therapeutics stock. Would be great to hear how the results compare versus your own intuition.     ",337,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886270436,2021-03-23 07:10:36,American billionaires made $1.3 trillion during Covid pandemic,https://news.yahoo.com/american-billionaires-made-1-3-111036361.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"Elon Musk’s wealth grew by a staggering 558% during the pandemic The report, released on Tuesday by the Institute of Policy Studies, found that billionaires in the US have grown their combined wealth by “nearly 45 per cent — or by more than $1.3 trillion — since the Covid-19 pandemic hit the nation last March”. According to the report, which was based on Forbes data, Amazon’s Jeff Bezos saw his wealth grow by 57.6 per cent from a net worth of $113bn on 18 March 2020 to $178.1bn on 18 March 2021. During the same period, Tesla founder Elon Musk’s wealth grew by a staggering 558 per cent. Chuck Collins, director of the Institute of Policy Studies’ programme on inequality, said in a press release: “The pandemic profiteers are extracting windfalls of wealth during a time of widespread suffering for the majority of people.” Read more: What could Trump’s social media channel look like? More than 1,000 arrests as Miami Beach parties descend into chaos Serial stowaway reveals how she snuck onto more than 30 flights without a ticket Vaccinated pregnant mothers pass antibodies to babies, research shows The $1.3 trillion wealth growth of the US’s billionaires has invited ire from those who deem the wealth gap between the rich and poor unjustifiable. Americans for Tax Fairness said in a statement that: “This increase in wealth is more than it would cost to send a stimulus check of $3,900 to every one of the roughly 330 million people in America.” The report identified what it called “The 10 biggest Pandemic Profiteers”, billionaires who have seen their wealth increase by at least 300 per cent in the last year. “They include the owners of eCommerce leaders Quicken Loans, Square, Carvana, and cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase; social media sites Snapchat and Twitter; online streaming platform Roku; and digital ad agency Trade Desk,” it said. Call me a radical lefty, but if America's billionaires are able to increase their wealth by $1.3 trillion during a pandemic, corporations can afford to increase the minimum wage to $15/hr. It is simply a lie that we cannot afford to help people in this country. The wealth gained by U.S. billionaires during the pandemic alone could pay for a $3,900 stimulus check for every single person in the United States. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. A look for the history books. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Chelsea Clinton was congratulated by her parents, former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, at the finish line Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. Camila Cabello shows off her super strong and toned legs while out on a hike. The ""Señorita"" singer stays fit by running, hiking, and paddleboarding. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family “Some describe true friends as choosing your own family. I say it’s more like choosing your own army.” Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? ",810,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261760,2021-03-23 07:31:47,"To Be Successful, Lead With Empathy",https://www.forbes.com/sites/jillgriffin/2021/03/23/to-be-successful-lead-with-empathy/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"                              Jennifer Schwalb, Chief People Officer, Ceros I had the opportunity to interview Jennifer about her role and how Ceros is keeping employees energized during this time.  Here are a few highlights of our conversation: I had the opportunity to connect on a personal level with our people when the pandemic first began. I called 220 people in 38 days. The leadership team and I wanted to ensure our employees were heard, and that they felt supported and safe. It was a truly gratifying experience, and the security we have been able to provide through those conversations has been so valuable. We must continue to keep our eye on the prize and strive for growth as a company, but we can’t do that without prioritizing our employees’ well-being. We have to listen to their struggles and provide support where we can.  We look for these characteristics in the interview process and we know how valuable vetting for this is to our business. Our values are so important and ingrained in how we behave, how we interact and what we expect of each other as people. It’s one thing to find a candidate with the right skillset and experience but we go deeper and ensure they align with our values. A candidate that is likely to connect to an organization will more often than not find personal success that translates to the company’s success as well. With this in mind, we have changed our interview process at Ceros. We’ve added a stage where candidates engage with employees outside of the department they’re interviewing for. We want to see how they articulate their stories and experiences and create a collaborative conversation. These candid conversations help us determine whether they align with our values without developing unconscious biases.  Retention is just as important. We first hire smart and then do everything we can to ensure our people learn, have opportunities to grow and feel fulfilled. I truly believe that how we treat our people during these unprecedented times will stick. We made a commitment to our people that we would not lay anyone off during these times, and we didn’t. When things eventually return to “normal”, they’ll remember the security and kindness we provided. That goes a long way.  We also lead with empathy and provide a safe space for our people. It's been a challenging year for different reasons and for different people. We make sure our employees know they are in a safe environment and encourage them to be vulnerable and speak up. They may be struggling with their feelings with one another, with their manager, or how they’re handling a particular situation. Or, maybe it’s something going on in their personal lives. They can share anything. We lead with this vulnerability-based trust mentality, and it comes from our CEO and trickles down throughout the organization.  But we will provide a space for people to collaborate and connect. They can work there if they choose, but our mindset will remain “remote first” so that inclusivity is top of mind in everything we do. Our office was a special place. For some, it was a place to socialize, get our creative juices flowing. For some, it was like a second home. While it will be used differently now, we will ensure it is still as special as ever just in a more intentional, less spontaneous way. We will determine how to create moments together in fun and collaborative ways to re-energize our culture and environment. This could be “meet-ups” or just getting a small team together for an in-person brainstorm. We will need to be creative and intentional in all we do when we reach this point. Schwalb:  1. Have a voice; if your inner voice holds you back, fight that urge and speak up. You have something important to share, whether it’s your perspective on something or fact –– speak up. People want to hear you.  2. Be you, be vulnerable, be real. People appreciate transparency and real talk.  3. Take risks. You don’t always have to play it safe. It’s ok to fail, learn from your mistakes and move on. ",698,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886270430,2021-03-23 05:39:27,Meghan McCain apologises after getting called out for anti-Asian comments by John Oliver,https://news.yahoo.com/meghan-mccain-apologises-getting-called-093927853.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"Meghan McCain is the co-host of ‘The View’ on ABC News “I condemn the reprehensible violence and vitriol that has been targeted towards the Asian American community. There is no doubt Donald Trump’s racist rhetoric fuelled many of these attacks and I apologise for any past comments that aided that agenda,” tweeted Ms McCain. Her apology came after Mr Oliver, on his show “Last Week Tonight” on HBO, spoke about racism against Asian Americans and pointed out that last year Ms McCain had supported former president Donald Trump calling Covid-19 the “China virus.” He noted that people at that time had warned that such a rhetoric could lead to violence against Asian Americans but not many were convinced. Mr Oliver then showed a March 2020 clip from MsMcCain’s show ‘The View’, where she said: “I think if the Left wants to focus on PC-(politically correct) labelling this virus, it is a great way to get Trump re-elected. I don’t have a problem with people calling it whatever they want. It’s a deadly virus that did originate in Wuhan.” Read more: Biden and Trump news live: Latest US politics updates Trump rants about Dr Seuss and claims China will kill us all in return to Fox News UFO report to be published soon detailing ‘difficult to explain’ sightings, former intelligence director says Here are all 29 lawsuits Trump is facing now that he’s left office Once the clip ended, Mr Oliver said: “Oh good, Meghan McCain doesn't have a problem with it! Listen not to the scores of Asian Americans telling everyone that the term is dangerous and offensive.” He then showed Ms McCain’s post last week on Twitter where she said “Stop Asian Hate,” but noted that it is “a fine sentiment to throw upon Twitter after the fact.” “But there has to be an understanding that saying, ‘I don't have a problem with calling it the China virus’ is very much giving space for that hate to grow,” Mr Oliver said. On 20 March, Mr Biden said that he and vice president Kamala Harris “sat down with Asian American leaders in Atlanta.” “It was a heart-wrenching meeting that made clear the urgent work that lies ahead. We must come together as one America, stand against hate, and root out racism wherever we find it,” he had tweeted. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. A look for the history books. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Chelsea Clinton was congratulated by her parents, former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, at the finish line Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. The investigation is laying bare the extent of the conspiracy to derail the Trump campaign and thwart his presidency. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family “Some describe true friends as choosing your own family. I say it’s more like choosing your own army.” Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? ",810,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261754,2021-03-23 07:32:09,Can’t Get To Hawaii Right Now? Here’s The Next Best Thing,https://www.forbes.com/sites/debbikickham/2021/03/23/cant-get-to-hawaii-right-now-heres-the-next-best-thing/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"What to do if you still want to get your special dose of the island’s charms, despite COVID? Not familiar with ABC stores? You should be. I can tell you from experience – with my 26 media visits to Hawaii in 25 years – that no trip to our 50th state is complete without a stop at the ABC stores. These charming boutiques – which are practically on every corner of Hawaii – are chock-a-block with some of the most endearing and unique Hawaiian merchandise. If you can’t get to Hawaii right now – a simple visit to the ABC website can whet your appetite, and actually fulfill your desires, with its oceans of adorable island goodies. (For me personally, no trip to Hawaii has officially started unless I visit an ABC store and purchase some guava juice and chocolate-covered macadamia nuts to snack on.) Why the name ABC stores? I interviewed Mr. Paul Kosasa, the President of ABC stores, whose parents had founded the brand back in 1949, and opened their first store in 1964. “My parents wanted something simple to remember,” Mr. Kosasa told me. “They wanted something that would easily roll off the tongue of foreign tourists – and also be easily found in the phone book.” ABC – what could be easier to remember than that? Today there are about 65 ABC stores throughout Hawaii, and about 15 more in Las Vegas, Guam and Saipan. Mr. Kosasa commented on how ABC’s inventory became very popular last year with the onslaught of the pandemic. “Hawaii stopped all travel,” he said. “Many ABC stores closed as there were no tourists….but our e-commerce picked up quite quickly, as people still wanted Hawaiian merchandise. Especially aloha face masks, which are our Number One bestseller. They took off.” These made-in-Hawaii 100% canvas lightweight breathable face masks feature assorted aloha and tribal prints, and retail for about $7.99 each. In fact, the stores carry a wealth of made-in-Hawaii products, which include macadamia nuts, chocolates, coffees, teas, juices, honeys, spreads, syrups, seasonings, island snacks, sun care and cosmetics.  Another bestseller? The $75 Haku cosmetics Aloha Set including glycerin soap and serum. Lilikoi lovers (that’s “passion fruit,” in Hawaiian) can indulge in special Hi-Chew candies in the  island flavors of lilikoi and pineapple. At ABC stores, you will also discover tote bags, T-shirts, aloha shirts with coconut buttons, keychains, surf tees, sarongs, footwear, even charm necklaces made with real Swarovski crystals. And a whole lot more. They make great treats for yourself — and souvenirs for your friends and family. I know all about it, because trust me, I’ve bought it all over the years! And here’s my favorite apparel item – yes, you can purchase a coconut bra and grass skirt – which is ideal for your home-based luau  — or Halloween! ",458,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886281496,2021-03-23 07:37:28,Fast food! Fish leaps out of a bowl of water on pavement before flip-flopping down road,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392577/Fast-food-Fish-leaps-bowl-water-pavement-flip-flopping-road.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 112 This is the moment a fish made a final break for freedom, completing a tense 32-second journey from a bowl of water into a drain - by land.  The large fish had been left in a red plastic bowl filled with water after being caught by a fisherman in Tuyen Quang, Vietnam.  Footage caught the moment the fish took a leap of faith by launching itself out of the water and onto the tarmac street on Thursday, March 18. At one stage it seemed the fish had escaped the frying pan and become roadkill instead when it appeared to have flapped into the path of a passing car. The large fish (top left) leapt out of a red washing up bowl filled with water where it had been left after it was caught by a fisherman in Tuyen Quang, Vietnam However, it flopped back into view, apparently unhurt and continued on its way.  Fish swim by flexing their bodies and tail back and forth using muscles on their sides. In the short video clip the fish used this movement to travel through the air and across the dry tarmac.  It seemed to sense the presence of a water source as it headed towards a drain on the right hand side of the road. In the short video clip the fish flexed its body to flip-flop through the air and across the tarmac It seemed to sense the presence of a water source as it headed towards a drain on the right hand side of the road A young boy who cycled past the fish as it landed in the pool of water left the road and watched as it completed its grand escape. The person who took the video said: 'The most spectacular prison break in the world.' Fishing is popular in Tuyen Quang, where the range of native fish includes: black carp, catfish, Dong Ho giant carp, Chinese bighead carp, black shark, mrigal,  and Red River giant catfish. Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",348,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261747,2021-03-23 07:40:00,"Traditional Market Research Is Fine, But There’s A Better Solution",https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesagencycouncil/2021/03/23/traditional-market-research-is-fine-but-theres-a-better-solution/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty Traditionally, businesses have used market research to ""find where the fish are."" Of course, it's always good to gain a broader, deeper knowledge of your audience. At the same time, there's a newer, more effective process that can really help you streamline your efforts: marketing intelligence. Let's talk about some common issues with traditional market research and why marketing intelligence represents a huge step forward. The Problems With Traditional Market Research When you think of traditional market research, what comes to mind? Maybe some of the first things that pop into your head are polls, surveys and focus groups.  Each one of these tools has its place, but there are two big problems they all have in common: 1. They're not always actionable. 2. People lie. Let's break down these two issues one at a time. 1. They're not always actionable. A poll or survey may provide you with some general percentages to chew on, but the million-dollar question is: How actionable are those insights? For example, imagine that the result of a survey is that ""35% of Canadians between the ages of 18-35 enjoy eSports."" Great! What are you supposed to do with that information? Which eSports do they enjoy? Which social media platforms do they use? The bottom line? Just because you have an idea of who you're targeting doesn't mean you'll be able to formulate a winning marketing strategy around that insight. 2. People lie. ""There's often a readiness among respondents to want to impress the person administering the survey. We want to make a good impression, whether we're anonymous or not. To take an extreme example, if you were answering questions from someone who looked like your dad, you might be unwilling to detail college drug experiences. It's a human propensity to tell untruths, which makes surveys unreliable when it comes to trying to understand behavior, thoughts, desires, and beliefs."" The book goes on to extol the virtues of big data — unfiltered data that's collected from online behavior — and points out that people are hardly going to lie, either consciously or unconsciously, when they're entering search terms into Google or browsing the internet. And that's where marketing intelligence comes into the picture. Marketing Intelligence: A Better Solution • Social media platforms • Search engines • Websites • Mobile apps • Video platforms • Email marketing platforms • Blogs and forums • Etc. The basic objective of marketing intelligence is to help company leaders make intelligent (that is, well-informed) business decisions based on data points gleaned across the internet. Why Is Marketing Intelligence So Valuable? I could spend hours and hours answering this question. But for the sake of brevity, let's just focus on three important reasons why marketing intelligence is such a useful strategy for marketers to invest in: Making the Whole Greater Than the Sum of Its Parts When each component of a system is connected together, the whole entity is stronger than any individual piece by itself — or even all of the pieces combined but not integrated. That's exactly why marketing intelligence is so powerful. It allows you to look beyond the individual pieces of the marketing puzzle (like polls, surveys and focus groups) and focus on the big picture. When you utilize marketing intelligence, along with supplemental market research, you can merge strengths, cancel weaknesses and identify growth opportunities in a holistic way. Basically, you'll be able to ""fish where the fish are."" ",575,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886281493,2021-03-23 07:50:35,David Davis says vaccine passport plan could be ILLEGAL,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392497/David-Davis-says-vaccine-passport-plan-ILLEGAL.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 1.9k David Davis today warned domestic vaccine passports could be illegal and firms which implement their own 'no jab, no entry' schemes will 'run straight into a court case'.  The Government is currently examining how a so-called 'Covid status certification' system could work as part of its efforts to get life back to normal.   Mr Davis told MPs that under the law such a policy would likely result in indirect discrimination and 'that is illegal'. He also expressed concerns the system would 'grow and grow and grow' before eventually turning into what would effectively be a national ID card programme - something he has long opposed.   Meanwhile, some private companies are reported to be developing their own vaccine certificate plans but Mr Davis said such moves would inevitably prompt legal challenges.  The Government is currently conducting a review on how a system of so-called 'Covid status certification' could work  A paper was submitted to the Covid-19 Operations Cabinet sub-committee last week recommending to make jabs compulsory for care home staff, according to the Daily Telegraph. If the measures are agreed then England's 1.5 million workers in social care could become legally required to get a coronavirus jab.   The Government is currently looking at how a vaccine passport system could work, with officials tasked with navigating the minefield of ethical and legal concerns associated with the policy.  Boris Johnson's lockdown roadmap said the findings of the review on the matter will be published before step four of his exit strategy which is due to take place no earlier than June 21.    Giving evidence to the Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee this morning, Mr Davis said he was in favour of an international vaccine passport to allow foreign travel to resume.  ‘Firstly, the impact of this would be discriminatory. Under the law it will be indirectly discriminatory and that is illegal. ‘You may well find it has been said that black and ethnic minority communities are less inclined to get vaccinated, well that would be an indirect discrimination. ‘You have heard that younger people may not get vaccinated, that would be a discrimination. ‘Some people have ethical or religious objections. We have heard about the fears that various animal products may be used [in vaccines], worrying some religious groups.'  Mr Davis said that he has had the jab and while there are a 'variety of good reasons for people not to take a vaccine... I think most of the reasons are not ones I would subscribe to but people have that freedom'.  He argued vaccine passports would effectively 'coerce' people into getting the jab and the policy 'explicitly discriminates against people who have not been vaccinated'.   Told that some private companies could impose certificate requirements of their own even if the Government does not go ahead with its scheme, Mr Davis said: ‘The pub or the theatre or the football match for that matter is a different matter. ‘If they do so they will run straight into a court case, I should think, on discrimination grounds alone.’ Mr Davis, who was a vocal opponent of a past push to introduce national ID cards, said vaccine passports would inevitably be expanded in the future.  ‘It is straight away a problem and it will grow because inevitably once you have got the mechanism, it is common sense that people will try to use it for other uses and it will grow and grow and grow,' he said.   The Government's review of vaccine passports will look at how the documents 'could play a role in reopening our economy, reducing restrictions on social contact and improving safety'.   'This will include assessing to what extent certification would be effective in reducing risk, and the potential uses to enable access to settings or a relaxation of COVID-Secure mitigations,' the roadmap states.   Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",651,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261743,2021-03-23 07:40:00,How To Revolutionize Your Digital Entrepreneur Space,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinesscouncil/2021/03/23/how-to-revolutionize-your-digital-entrepreneur-space/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty Without a doubt, the digital entrepreneur space is the arena of the future. With the rise of e-commerce, social media and advertising, anyone who wants to build a lasting brand and leave behind a legacy flocks to the digital space. With the bright incoming talent and new ideas and methods, the space changes rapidly. The time to revolutionize the digital space has come, and this will be a thrilling, ongoing process. Adapting To A Changing Technological Environment Entrepreneurs typically have the willingness to try new things. It might be time for your company to move into the digital space or innovate in it. Each of my businesses has explored a different arena and tried to modernize existing practices and do things better. For example, it took a lot of effort, mostly in the sphere of networking and forging the right relationships, to push forward the new trend of celebrity giveaways. I've had to learn more about the world of journalism and public relations over the years. There are far more ways to reach an audience now than there were, say, five years ago.  Digital is changing just as much when it comes to e-commerce. While merely a decade ago, online shopping existed but wasn’t a huge deal, now you see virtually the entire planet participating in Black Friday and Cyber Monday events. For example, my company held a site-wide sale for Black Friday and hosted a giveaway. It was actually our largest event to date and had resounding success. It's important to merge the two worlds of giveaways and e-commerce. The digital space is where the two overlap, and combining them is a very powerful weapon for financial gain and to spread your popularity. Finding Success Digitally, Especially Through Mobile Now, the burning question on everyone’s mind is, “How can I start making money from my phone?” The dream of many people is no longer working from a laptop; we’re talking about working from a smartphone on the go. There are a few key things to consider when choosing that arena and going digital. First of all, you need to build your personal brand. People will not trust you unless they can verify who you are. This applies to both businesses and individuals who want to sell products based on their personal brand, such as an Instagram influencer would, for example. So before you even think of promoting your product, make sure that you have a well-rounded social media presence. This means having a sleek website, an Instagram where you post frequently and an active Facebook page. Secondly, make sure your partners are trustworthy. If you’re just starting out and looking for a digital partner, find one who already knows how the system works and can introduce you to its mechanisms. Look for a partner who works hard to build relationships. They should follow up to see how you are doing and offer additional guidance and help. If you’re an entrepreneur in the digital space, you want to remain consistent. Within our company, for instance, we have one umbrella brand and three various branches of it. This allows us to remain consistent with our values and create trust throughout different aspects of the business, from publicity to running giveaways. Finally, you have to allocate your time properly and give it only to those who are serious. You can always tell who’s a good lead. A good lead will lock you in and pay for your services right away. There won’t be any second-guessing or hesitation. Serious people don’t back out. There is a lot of room for innovation and creativity in the digital space. As long as entrepreneurs solidify their presence, choose the right partners and allocate their energy properly, innovation and improvement will follow naturally as new ideas take center stage. ",633,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886281489,2021-03-23 07:53:28,"Eight out of 10 people who do not follow use-by dates risk serious illness, regulator warns",https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392911/Eight-10-people-not-follow-use-dates-risk-illness-regulator-warns.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 466 Many adults are ignoring use-by dates on food amid confusion about labelling or a preference for the 'smell test', putting themselves at risk of serious illness, a regulator has warned. Three quarters (76 per cent) have knowingly eaten food past its safe time limit and 37 per cent admit to cooking food for other people that is past its use-by date. The poll suggests consumers are confusing use-by dates with best before dates, which is a quality indicator that food eaten beyond this time might not taste as good. Half of adults (50 per cent) cannot correctly define the use-by date as the date up to when food can be eaten safely. Some 44 per cent view them as a 'useful guide' without realising the potential health risks of getting food poisoning. The Food Standards Agency has warned people to take use-by dates on food seriously after a survey revealed most adults prefer to use the 'smell test' to tell if the food is still safe to eat More than three quarters of adults (77 per cent) decide whether food is safe to eat by smelling it, which rises to 80 per cent of women compared with 73 per cent of men. A quarter of men (26 per cent) have sniffed cooked chicken past its use-by date and eaten it based on the smell. FSA chief scientific adviser Professor Robin May said: 'These findings are worrying. 'They indicate that people are often confused about food dates, potentially putting themselves and others at risk of illness. 'A use-by date on food is there for a reason. It is about safety. 'After the use-by date you should not cook, freeze or eat the food, even if it smells or looks okay. The regulator says it is not possible to tell whether food is safe to eat just by smelling or tasting it and that people are risking serious illness by ignoring the use-by dates on the products 'It's really not possible to tell whether food is safe to eat by smelling or tasting it. We would like everyone to take the use-by dates on their food seriously.' He added: 'It's great that consumers are trying to minimise food waste, but there are lots of ways to do that without gambling with your health, such as planning your meals ahead of time, checking what you have in the fridge that's close to its use-by date and freezing food right up until the use-by date.' Ipsos Mori surveyed 2,132 adults in England, Wales and Northern Ireland in March. A spokeswoman for the FSA added: 'There are around 2.4 million cases of food poisoning each year and unfortunately around 180 people die each year. 'For a large proportion of cases of illness, it is very difficult to attribute the exact food that has caused the illness. 'We know a lot of cases of food poising arise from food prepared in the home, which emphasises how important it is to check dates on labels and follow good food hygiene practices when cooking for you or your family. 'Although the likelihood of becoming unwell due to out of date food is relatively low, if you do get unwell it could be very serious and you could even be hospitalised.' She said food poisoning can be particularly dangerous if it is experienced by people in at-risk groups, such as elderly people, children, or those with an underlying health condition. Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",592,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261739,2021-03-23 07:40:00,Overcoming Imposter Syndrome: Four Proven Methods To Increase Your Confidence,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbescoachescouncil/2021/03/23/overcoming-imposter-syndrome-four-proven-methods-to-increase-your-confidence/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty Imposter syndrome is one of the most significant roadblocks facing high-achieving leaders. Unnecessary feelings of self-doubt, inadequacy and fraud are major barriers preventing managers and executives from achieving success in their job searches, their careers and their lives. How do you boost your self-esteem? What does it take to raise your confidence? How do you achieve lasting faith in yourself and your abilities? 1. Reflect on your career accomplishments. What story are you telling yourself? How does this story build your self-confidence? Imposter syndrome thrives on negative self-talk. Consistent, positive self-reflection is a powerful tool to stop imposter syndrome and build confidence. 2. Document your career successes. While we are on the topic of career accomplishments, begin documenting your career accomplishments. Consider keeping an accomplishment journal. Write down an accomplishment at the end of each workday. With five days in the week and 52 weeks in the year, you will have 210 accomplishments in a single year. The exercise of writing down your accomplishments each day is effective for two reasons. First, you are helping keep imposter syndrome at bay by intentionally carving out time to reflect on your successes. Second, you are creating written proof of your fabulousness that you can later revisit when imposter syndrome creeps in. 3. Seek outside help. You do not have to navigate feelings of fraud and self-doubt alone. Positive affirmations can be helpful as you work to overcome feelings of fraud and work to boost your self-esteem. Turn to your support system when you feel like a fraud at work. 4. Befriend imposter syndrome. While the last three tips focused on overcoming imposter syndrome, this last one is different. Ask yourself if you truly wish to get rid of imposter syndrome. Ask yourself what values exists in experiencing imposter syndrome. You may wish to reframe imposter syndrome. Perhaps imposter syndrome is a sign that you are growing and putting yourself in situations that challenge you. Maybe imposter syndrome is a signal that you are stretching yourself in your work and career. Try befriending imposter syndrome and see what happens. Remember: Tackling imposter syndrome takes time. Be patient as you grow your self-esteem and career confidence. You’ve got this! ",367,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886281784,2021-03-23 07:49:28,Will appealing to white grievance be the ticket for the GOP in 2022? Ron Johnson may be the test case.,https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2021/03/23/will-appealing-white-grievance-be-ticket-gop-2022-ron-johnson-may-be-test-case/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_politics,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"What was the big deal about Jan. 6? That’s the thrust of one swing-state Republican’s recent public comments about the Capitol riots that left dozens of people injured and five people dead. Johnson has made several statements downplaying the seriousness of the attack, saying earlier this month that he would have been more “concerned” had the rioters been affiliated with the Black Lives Matter movement. “Now, had the tables been turned — now, Joe, this will get me in trouble — had the tables been turned and President Trump won the election and those were tens of thousands of Black Lives Matter and antifa protesters, I might have been a little concerned,” he told conservative radio host Joe Pagliarulo. “I think I know them pretty well,” Johnson said of Trump supporters. “I don’t know any Trump supporter who would have done what the rioters did.” The lawmaker is facing some criticism from within his own party, but not a significant amount, in part because Johnson is ideologically where much of the Republican Party is in the post-Trump era — which is not completely “post-Trump.” Paul Nolette, chair of the political science department at Marquette University in Milwaukee said that Johnson’s language and views appear to differ significantly from what he espoused when he first ran for the Senate in 2010. And the changes probably have to do with shifts in the state’s GOP. “For the most part, the Republican suburbs have stayed Republican here in Wisconsin but the things that a lot of the suburban voters — particularly around Milwaukee — don’t particularly care for is Trump’s style and his politics,” the professor said. “And Republicans have seen their support drop in those surrounding counties during the Trump era.” “So Johnson, who was kind of the perfect fit back in 2010 for those Republican suburbs, is much less of a good fit now for those suburbs and a much more of a good fit for some of the rural areas in the state, which have turned quite a bit more Republican in the last few years where Trump remains popular,” Nolette added. “I bring it up because I know the strength that Black Lives Matter had in this last election,” Grothman said about the movement that helped defeat Trump. “I know it’s a group that doesn’t like the old-fashioned family — [I am] disturbed that we have another program here in which we’re increasing the marriage penalty.” Johnson’s comments last week came days after a dozen Republicans opposed Congressional Gold Medals for police who protected them during the attempt to overturn the election. These words and votes appear to be part of an effort to reshape the public’s consciousness on what happened on Jan. 6. They said they objected to the use of the term “insurrectionists” in the resolution. Stuart Stevens, who was a top adviser on Sen. Mitt Romney’s (R-Utah) presidential campaign before becoming one of the most vehement Republican voices against Trump, criticized Johnson and other GOP lawmakers for leaning into racist rhetoric, ideas and policies that are at the core of what the modern GOP has become. “The Republican Party has become very comfortable with the formalization of becoming an official White grievance party,” he said. “It’s a moment not unlike same-sex marriage where Republicans are just completely on the wrong side of the cultural war. And they just don’t understand this.” But not all conservative lawmakers are attempting to gaslight Americans over the events of Jan. 6. Retiring Sen. Roy Blunt (R-Mo.) criticized Johnson’s efforts to rewrite the history of what happened on Jan. 6. “We don’t need to try and explain away or come up with alternative versions. We all saw what happened,” he said Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press.” “I think it was absolutely unacceptable and we can’t let that kind of thing be repeated again in our country.” Jabs from the right against Black activists aren’t surprising or new. Activists who focus on anti-Black police violence are largely unpopular with Republican voters — many of whom are White and expressed outrage about the physical destruction in some urban areas last summer following the police killing of George Floyd in police custody. Perhaps that leads some GOP lawmakers to conclude that making comments about them won’t offend the base that they work hard to keep pleased. A lawmaker suggesting that a violent insurrection would only concern him if it was done by Black activists reinforces some of the worst stereotypes about Black people — and is one of the reasons the GOP has a hard time connecting with Black voters. But the GOP cannot lean into racist tropes in some of the more competitive districts and states that are filled with suburban voters and independents — two groups that the party lost in 2020 in part because of their discomfort with the racial rhetoric of the former president, which often included racist attacks against Black Lives Matter. Republicans lost Wisconsin in 2020 in part due to increased turnout among Black voters hoping to remove Trump from office as well as an increase in independent and suburban votes against the former president. Comments and votes from some GOP lawmakers give the impression that the party has little interest in changing that but is instead leaning into its perception as the party of White voters anxious about the changing cultural landscape of America. Correction: An earlier version of this story misidentified Sen. Roy Blount’s party. He is a Republican. The story has been corrected. The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",936,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886281483,2021-03-23 07:57:54,Sarm Heslop missing: Ex-wife of Briton's boyfriend 'live in fear of him',https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392867/Sarm-Heslop-missing-Ex-wife-Britons-boyfriend-live-fear-him.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 19 The ex-wife of missing Briton Sarm Heslop's boyfriend has described how she lived in fear of him during their marriage and slept with a shotgun as they divorced. Cori Stevenson, 43, who was married to 44-year-old Ryan Bane between 2008 and 2014, described him as a 'Jekyll and Hyde' character who was pleasant in public but became abusive and violent behind closed doors. The abuse reached a head in 2011 when Bane attacked Cori at their home in Ohio, leaving her with a blood face and a chipped tooth. She reported the attack to police, and he served 21 days in jail for it. While Cori allowed Bane back into the house afterwards, she said 'there was never a day when I didn't fear him'. In 2013 Bane was jailed again for violating his probation which ordered him not to see Cori, and the pair divorced the following year. Now, Bane is facing questions over Miss Heslop's disappearance after she vanished in mysterious circumstances aboard his boat which was moored in the US Virgin Islands on March 7.  British Sarm Heslop, 41 (left), vanished in the early hours of March 7 while on board a yacht belonging to American boyfriend Ryan Bane (right) while it was moored in the Virgin Islands  Cori Stevenson (right), Bane's ex-wife, has now spoken out to accuse him of being a 'Jekyll and Hyde character' during their marriage, saying she lived in fear of him  Bane says he was awoken by the ship's anchor alarm, which detects when the boat is drifting from its moorings, around 2am and found Miss Heslop - who he met on Tinder eight months prior - missing. He called police around 2.30am who told him to report the incident to the Coast Guard, but he did not call them until 11.46am. Police say Bane has handed over all of Miss Heslop's possessions which were left on board the vessel, but has denied officers permission to search the boat themselves. Searches of the coastline where the boat was moored and inland from the spot have turned up no trace of her.  Family and friends say the disappearance is out of character, and that the timeline of Bane's calls to police and coastguard 'makes no sense.' Cori said Bane was pleasant in public but abusive behind closed doors - once beating her so badly she chipped a tooth 'He was a total Jekyll and Hyde character,' she said. 'He would have a good week, and then all of a sudden he changed.  'There was never a day when I didn’t fear him. I slept with a shotgun the whole time I went through my divorce.' Police records reveal more details about the 2011, which Cori says happened as the pair were returning from a wedding and Bane flew into a rage.   'Ryan continually got frustrated with her asking for directions while he was trying to sleep.' When they got home at 5am, 'Ryan grabbed her and dragged her out of the truck,' officers wrote. 'Ryan grabbed her in the dining room, threw her to the ground, and smashed her head in to the floor, chipping one of her teeth.' Police said there were clear signs of a struggle, noting that Stevenson's 'right tooth had a chip out of it, her right ear lobe was bloody and scratched, her right shoulder and side of her neck showed red scratches...'.  Bane was taken to police cells before appearing in court charged with domestic violence. Despite having told officers he was 'defending himself', he pleaded guilty and was jailed for 21 days.  Cori told The Sun that the incident also left her with finger marks around her neck, and black and blue bruises on her face. Police reports also allege that Bane had previously assaulted her, an incident that went unreported at the time but she claims left her off work with facial bruises. The report also states that 'Ryan has been becoming increasingly verbally abusive.'   Stevenson (left with her new fiance Ralph Carpenter) said she slept with a shotgun the entire time she was divorcing Bane (Miss Heslop pictured right) Cori now lives in Melbourne, Florida, with her new fiance - Ralph Carpenter - who spoke to Dailymail.com about her history with Bane.   'He must have beat her up 100 times while they were together,' Carpenter said.  Stevenson now says that she is communicating with the Virgin Islands police about Bane's past and has provided authorities with court documents related to their marriage and divorce.  Speaking to DailyMail.com, Stevenson and her new fiance Carpenter say that they suspect foul play in Heslop's disappearance.  The couple said that Bane's father has flown to the Virgin Islands to be with his son.   On Sunday March 7, Heslop vanished from Bane's 47ft yacht, the Siren Song, moored off the coast of St John in the U.S. Virgin Islands and hasn't been seen since. According to Bane, the couple had been for dinner in a restaurant, leaving at 10pm in line with the local Covid curfew and taking their dinghy back to the vessel, anchored 120ft from secluded Frank Bay. They went to sleep, Bane says, and when he woke at 2am after his yacht's anchor alarm sounded, Heslop had gone. Bane called the Coast Guard's San Juan station reporting that 'his girlfriend may have fallen' from the yacht.  Police searching for the missing 41-year-old from Southampton, England have been scouring land and sea off the island of St John, where the yacht was moored.  But the officers have been stopped from stepping foot on the Siren Song by Bane who is not cooperating. 'Upon his attorney's advice, Mr Bane exercised his constitutional right to remain silent and denied officers' requests to search the vessel.'  It has been widely reported that Bane, who is still on board Siren Song, waited almost ten hours to report his girlfriend missing.  His lawyer, David Cattie, has said this is 'categorically false' and that, in fact, Ryan called the police at 2.30am after discovering she had disappeared. Police searching for the missing 41-year-old from Southampton, England have been scouring land and sea off the island of St John, where the yacht was moored  A search of land and sea was undereway by the police and an army of local volunteers. Their efforts have dredged up no discoveries as to Sarm’s whereabouts. Pictured is the Siren Song catamaran But while Heslop's friends have launched desperate appeals for information, Bane has yet to speak publicly about her, save for a brief statement that was released through his lawyer. 'Mr Bane's only hope is that Sarm is found alive and well,' it read. 'His thoughts and prayers are with Sarm and her family... Mr Bane has spent countless hours searching for Sarm, and will continue to do so. Ryan is devastated that Sarm is missing.'   This comes as a friend of Heslop's in the UK said they were told that her phone, passport and belongings had all been left behind on the yacht. The friend added: 'We would like to thank all the local community for their support in searching for Sarm both on water and land. 'They have been so amazing but we urge them not to give up until she is found or we have more information.' Heslop's friends insist they are not 'pointing fingers' at Bane but are calling on the American, who moved to the Caribbean in 2015, 'to provide as many details as possible'  She was on board the Siren Song with American yachtsman, Captain Ryan Bane. He has yet to speak publicly about her, except for a brief statement that was released through his lawyer Heslop's friends insist they are not 'pointing fingers' at Bane but are calling on the American, who moved to the Caribbean in 2015, 'to provide as many details as possible'.  Heslop is described as a slim woman with a southern English accent and a tattoo on her left shoulder.    Police spokesman Toby Derima said: 'Divers from various law enforcement agencies have searched hundreds of square feet of water for Heslop. Volunteers from the Virgin Islands have also scoured the area around Cruz Bay during daylight hours, police said. Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",1385,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261736,2021-03-23 07:40:00,Understanding Availability Bias When Investing,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesrealestatecouncil/2021/03/23/understanding-availability-bias-when-investing/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty “Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.” —Alexander Pope Availability bias says that the more buzzworthy, memorable or exciting a piece of news or event is, the greater the likelihood of its influence on our opinions and choices. Also, because of availability bias, we feel a sense of what we are hearing and seeing now is a permanent trend — not likely to go away soon. This reminds me of growing up in the ’80s. The Soviet Union was public enemy number one, and it seemed the nuclear war was always around the corner. That’s because the Soviet Union and nuclear weapons dominated the news and popular culture. The problem with availability bias is that investors assume that if something is in the news or garnering buzz, it must be important. They don’t question the reliability of the information. This leads to overreaction where investors believe that it must be right or good if everyone else is doing it. If the stock market is bullish, availability bias can put that bull on steroids because investors think the surge is permanent. A bitcoin ripple can turn into a tsunami. Large voices in the industry — hailed as experts — only fuel the availability bias fire. Check out some of the recent headlines about the bull market and the bitcoin boom: Whatever is dominating social media, the news or water cooler talk has an easy in to influence investors' opinions and decision-making — potentially outweighing any sound underlying economic fundamentals. This is, in part, how bubbles are created.   Availability bias clouds judgment. Just as with bubbles in the past, investors today are convinced that it will be different this time. There’s no reason to believe the bulls can’t run forever or that bitcoin can’t hit $100,000, $200,000 and so on.  Elite investors know better. They avoid availability bias by not playing in the same sandbox as everyone else. They understand human nature, and they’re not so arrogant as to believe that they’re not susceptible to the same human foibles as everyone else. I’m sure they were hoarding toilet paper just like the rest of us in the early days of the pandemic, even though toilet paper manufacturers assured everyone there was plenty of supply.   Here’s the difference between elite investors and everyone else: they take themselves out of harm’s way. It’s like the guy with an eating problem who chains the fridge at night and gives the key to his spouse, so he can’t satisfy his hunger at midnight. When midnight rolls around, he’ll have the urges. He can’t do anything about it.  Elite investors don’t swim in the public pool with the kiddies. They prefer alternative investments in the private markets — ones with long lockup periods. These long-term investments help elite investors avoid availability bias by preventing them from acting on their urges and whims. And they gravitate toward long-term private equity and real estate investment plays where underlying economic fundamentals, numbers and analysis still matter — where mob thinking has no sway and where they can make reliable financial projections based on historical data and sustainable trends unclouded by emotions.  Are you leery of availability bias? Why not avoid it altogether like elite investors? To bring balance to your investment strategy, make time to do your own research and due diligence. Don’t jump into an investment because everyone else is buzzing about it. ",567,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886281475,2021-03-23 08:02:06,Father jailed for nine months after forcing his daughter to perform 'astonishingly cruel' exercise,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392955/Father-jailed-nine-months-forcing-daughter-perform-astonishingly-cruel-exercise.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 59 A father who forced his daughter to perform 'astonishingly cruel' exercise leaving her with carpet burns has been jailed. He forced the girl - who cannot be named for legal reasons - to carry out the brutal exercise he called 'the caterpillar' between 2pm and 9pm. The exercise involved 'pushing her whole body up then straight down to the floor' and was combined with running along a corridor doing sit-ups. The girl, who was aged under 16, was forced to do the exhausting exercise for repeated 30-minute blocks followed by a 15-minute break. She was only allowed to stop for a bath and dinner. The father, who had also physically assaulted his wife, enforced the exercise to punish the girl who he accused of 'bullying' her sister, Portsmouth Crown Court heard. The father has 22 previous offences and can also not be named so as to avoid identifying his daughter.  A father who forced his daughter to perform 'astonishingly cruel' exercise leaving her with carpet burns has been jailed. He forced the girl - who cannot be named for legal reasons - to carry out the brutal exercise he called 'the caterpillar' between 2pm and 9pm, Portsmouth Crown Court (pictured) heard Prosecutor Christopher Wing said: 'As a punishment he made her do some exercises which the crown say were cruel in that she had to stand up facing the wall, then run up and down a corridor doing sit-ups, then an exercise called the caterpillar. 'It involves pushing her whole body up then straight down to the floor, moving in that fashion.'  The court heard the man would force his household to 'run around' him. 'His displeasure would be known by throwing food against the wall if he didn't like it or meting out other punishments,' Mr Wing added. The man admitted child cruelty against the girl - who is aged under 16 - and two charges of assault occasioning actual bodily harm relating to his wife. His barrister said drug and alcohol consumption had left him with very little memory of the last two decades. Jailing him for nine months, judge David Melville QC said the man acted in an 'astonishingly cruel way'. He said: 'You caused (the victim) to run up and down, behaving in an extreme way for the best part of a day - one has difficulty understanding how any father could do that to anybody. 'It's a sickening story.' Judge Melville revealed the man's wife said she is still 'finding it hard to get on with my life' after his behaviour. He added: 'You seem to think you can act in a way in which you're the kingpin, everybody rushes around you.' Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",464,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261733,2021-03-23 07:40:00,Three Ways Startups Are Reinventing Sales Strategy,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbestechcouncil/2021/03/23/three-ways-startups-are-reinventing-sales-strategy/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Getty “I couldn’t imagine not going to CES every year. It’s a boon for my business,” a middle-aged enterprise sales executive told me three years ago at the annual conference in Las Vegas — a pilgrimage for anyone associated with consumer electronics and technology.  I immediately responded, “I think you’re right; this conference has created many new business relationships, opened my eyes and even allowed me to recruit new salespeople. I can say the same of nearly every conference and event I go to. I am in high-level brand enterprise sales with customers like Unilever and P&G, so this level of face-time really matters.”  Now, as we settle into a “new normal” of undeterminable length, ambitious founders have had to rewrite their sales processes on the fly as readily available tools and resources have changed virtually overnight. More importantly, customers’ needs have also changed, and great sales leaders are responding in kind.  The first way is by focusing on flexibility and solving customers’ problems rather than adhering to a specific sales model. The second is by emphasizing personal relationships and arranging for customized virtual meetings as a substitute for conferences and events. The third is by adapting team measurement and internal success metrics.  Solving Customers’ Problems For many years, startups adhered to a tiered approach for sales and account development based on the size of the business. Often inflexible due to cost and product decisions, this helped companies streamline the sales process.  Now, founders are emphasizing a more flexible approach. In many ways, the moment demands it. This includes adapting the products’ need to a customer’s own focus and creating flexible payment terms and time-bound discounts. Sales leaders have also cut significant red tape and further empowered their account representatives to do whatever is needed to adapt terms, pricing and even product offerings to their customers.  A New One-On-One World  Previously, conferences and events were large drivers of enterprise-level business. Crucial to creating lasting business relationships, conferences allowed for pivotal face-to-face time between sales leaders and their customers.  While founders have had to find ways around the mass postponement of conferences, many have looked beyond virtual webinars and Zoom events and found a different way forward. Adapting The Measure Of Success Sales leaders live for measurement and metrics. Because their own success or failure is always on the line, there is a natural inclination to measure everything. Traditionally, the measure of sales team success has been total deals closed and size of deals with expected volume increases every quarter. Yet another suggestion is having teams focus on capturing market share rather than profitability or overall sales growth, lessening immediate pressure but also still maintaining positive growth in the business.  A New Path Forward With many traditional sales channels currently unavailable, ambitious founders have had to rewrite their sales strategies on the fly. Specifically, founders have become more focused on changing customers’ needs, emphasizing one-on-one meetings, and adapting their internal measures and metrics of success. ",495,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886281470,2021-03-23 08:03:39,Where HAS Wally gone? Britons keep up their coastal watch for walrus,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392765/Where-Wally-gone-Britons-coastal-watch-walrus.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 39 Britons are keeping their eye out for a walrus that has twice been spotted in the British Isles after 'falling asleep on a drifting iceberg'. The Arctic beast has not been seen since yesterday morning - when it was relaxing on a rock in Wales - six days after it was first seen in Ireland. Experts believe the animal may have dozed off on a block of ice and drifted across the ocean. The walrus is described as 'about the size of a cow' and was first spotted on rocks in County Kerry on March 15. The RSPCA were called out to check on the creature - which is 'underweight' - at the bottom of a cliff near Broad Haven South beach in Pembrokeshire six days later. But it has vanished again, prompting countless locals to fondly call it 'Wally', in a reference to the children's puzzle book series Where's Wally? Britons have their fingers crossed the creature is all right amid a spate of high-profile deaths of marine animals in the UK. Just yesterday, Freddie the seal - who was attacked by a dog on the banks of the Thames - was put down by vets who said it was 'the only ethical and fair option'. An Arctic walrus has been spotted off the coast of South Wales six days after the same creature was seen in Ireland The RSPCA was called out on Friday to check on the welfare of the walrus, which had appeared on the Pembrokeshire coastline Rumours about how the walrus made its way from the Arctic to Ireland have been swirling since the sightings. Some claim that it fell asleep on an iceberg and ended up drifting across the Atlantic. Welsh Marine Life Rescue's Cleopatra Browne was called to the Pembrokeshire coast to investigate the sighting, and found the walrus 'sat there, chilling'. She said 'it was about the size of a cow' adding: 'I've seen them on telly and the news but it was huge.' Countless Twitter users rushed online to dub the creature Wally the Walrus - with Ms Browne saying it is 'Wally by name, Wally by nature'. Others said Wally can replace Fungie the Dolphin, who got separated from other dolphins and lived in close contact with humans in Dingle, Ireland. The dolphin went missing in October 2020 and is feared dead. Countless Twitter users rushed online to dub the creature Wally the Walrus - with Ms Browne saying it is 'Wally by name, Wally by nature' RSPCA animal rescue officer Ellie West told Radio 4's Today programme yesterday said the creature is still an 'it' as rescue officers couldn't determine its gender before it swam off again. She said: 'At the moment it is an 'it' I'm afraid. A very unusual call that I received from our colleagues that we work closely with at Welsh Marine Life rescue.' 'Whilst it is a very unusual sight [...] it is quite a sad occurrence because we have to remember that this walrus is a very, very long way from where he should be. 'We're talking about a wild animal that's still very mobile. He's very big, we're talking about much bigger than our normal seals. This one, although he's of a large size he is a bit underweight. 'At the moment we don't know where he is, he swam away.' The walrus seemed to be in a generally good condition, although it appeared to have a few scrapes and was seen swimming well. Ms West added: 'It seems this Arctic walrus has swum over to Wales and was resting on rocks when I went to check on him. The walrus seemed to be in a generally good condition, although it appeared to have a few scrapes, and was seen swimming well. Geoff Edmond, RSPCA national wildlife coordinator called Friday 'a landmark day for the RSPCA's wildlife team' 'He was resting and, although appearing slightly underweight, thankfully he wasn't displaying any signs of sickness or injury.  'This is an incredibly rare sighting and these big, beautiful animals never usually venture so far south. 'This juvenile walrus has likely travelled down this way in search of food.' Geoff Edmond, RSPCA national wildlife coordinator called Friday 'a landmark day for the RSPCA's wildlife team.' He said: 'While we've been rescuing animals and responding to welfare calls for almost 200 years, I believe this is our first ever walrus call. 'I will certainly never forget this day', Ms West said. 'In fact it's still sinking in that I've been monitoring a walrus on the Pembrokeshire coast, it's been absolutely amazing.' Ms West told the public if they spot the walrus to keep their distance and not to approach the animal - which 'needs to rest and conserve its energy.' 'We're pleased he seems well but, if anyone spots him in this area or elsewhere and has concerns about his welfare, we'd ask them to call our emergency hotline on 0300 1234 999.  The Irish Whale and Dolphin Group tweeted on Sunday the walrus had been identified as the same creature seen in Ireland on Monday thanks to the white markings on its left flipper as well as the length of its tusks. The sighting was the first time one of the animals had been seen in Ireland since 2004. The enormous animal was captured on video as it floundered on the rocks of Valentia Island, County Kerry. The Irish Whale and Dolphin Group tweeted on Sunday that the walrus had been identified as the same creature seen in Ireland on Monday thanks to the white markings on its left flipper as well as the length of its tusks The animal was captured on video as it floundered on the rocks of Valentia Island, County Kerry, yesterday Observers said the two-metre beast looked visibly exhausted, however in its tweet on Sunday the Irish Whale and Dolphin Group said this did not seem to be the case as it had travelled 450km in six days to reach Wales. It is possible the walrus, which is thought to be a young adult, arrived in Ireland after falling asleep on an iceberg that drifted south across the Atlantic from Greenland. Dr Peter Richardson, head of ocean recovery at the Marine Conservation Society, told MailOnline: 'It's very unusual for one of these walruses to be this far south. 'It's a long way from home but it seems like a fit, fat, young walrus which may be capable of making it home. 'They are known to travel vast distances but it's so unusual [for one to be this far south] that it's hard to say how it will be.' Adult walruses can weigh up to 1,900 kg (4,000 lbs). The vast animals are longer than 2 metres (6.5ft) and can reach 3.6m (12 ft) long.  They are a vulnerable species and have long tusks which they use to find food, often scallops. Tusks are often used in fights between the animals.  Both the males and female have tusks.   They are related to sea lions and seals, but are far more vast.  They are find in the wild in the northern parts of the world, specifically around the North Pole, northern Russia and Greenland. He added there are plenty of molluscs for the walrus to feed on in the area it was spotted. Arctic walruses normally live around the North Pole, northern Russia and Greenland. The nearest population to the UK and Ireland lives in the waters of Greenland and Svalbard. He said: 'Often it is adolescent animals that venture on long trips to find new areas to breed. 'Sooner or later they have to come to the shallows, i.e. less than 100-200 metres depth, to feed on mussels or clams. They eat up to several thousand clams a day. 'It is lost while it is far from any friends, but I am not afraid that it will die. The Irish Whale and Dolphin group (IWDG) estimated the walrus to be a young adult but it is not possible to determine the gender as both males and females have tusks. Its tusks are only around 12 inches long, and a fully grown adult's tusks can reach up to 40 inches long. The IWDG wrote on social media this was only the third validated sighting of a walrus in Ireland since 1999. It said: 'The National Biodiversity Data Centre has 11 walrus records but the Natural History Museum suggest this number may be as high as 20 going back over several centuries. Either way, walrus sightings here are extremely rare. 'Previous walrus sightings validated by IWDG are from April 3, 1999, near Old Head, Clew Bay, Co Mayo, and October 5, 2004, from Mulranny, also in Clew Bay. 'In mid-February, a walrus was photographed off the Danish coast and comparisons of images leave open the possibility that they may be the same individual.' The walrus was spotted in Ireland by Alan Houlihan and his five-year-old daughter Muireann. Houlihan captured footage of the animal on his phone. The walrus was spotted by Alan Houlihan and his five-year-old daughter Muireann (pictured). Mr Houlihan captured footage of the animal on his phone Video was shared online which was taken by local woman Ashley Quigley and the animal was also reported to the authorities. Exactly how the animal arrived in Ireland remains unknown but experts say the two-metre long, cow-sized beast looked visibly exhausted Other video was shared online and the animal's presence was reported to the authorities.  Houlihan told RTÉ Radio One's Morning Ireland he and his daughter were walking down by the beach when Muireann spotted something in the water. He said: 'I thought it was a seal at first and we went down to the water to investigate and I took out the phone and started recording. 'Next thing it was a walrus! And he breached out of the water and gave us a little show on the rocks — Muireann thought he was just having fun. It was just amazing. 'At first I didn't [know it was a walrus] but within seconds I knew it was a walrus. It's just the sheer size of it, it's the size of a cow or a bull. I hadn't seen anything like it before, in Ireland anyway.' 'I'd say what happened is he fell asleep on an iceberg and drifted off and then he was gone too far, out into the mid-Atlantic or somewhere like that down off Greenland possibly.' An Arctic walrus has been spotted on the Atlantic coast of Ireland, the first time one of the animals has been seen in the country since 2004  Flannery said the best thing for the walrus was rest and peace to regain energy ahead of a return north to his native land, a trip of hundreds of miles.  Houlihan said he returned to the area later in the day but the walrus had disappeared. Speaking on RTE he said he hoped the walrus was off eating scallops and recuperating.  And Muireann has suggested two possible names for the walrus – Isabelle if it's a girl, and Cian if it's a boy. 'She went home last night and she was drawing pictures of walruses. It was so adorable,' added Houlihan. 'We are in lockdown so the kids have gone back to school today for the first time, so it made things a bit easier for them to go back in today with a news story.' Meanwhile Freddie the seal - who was attacked by a dog on the banks of the Thames on Sunday - was put down by vets who said it was 'the only ethical and fair option'. Yesterday there were widespread calls for dog owners to keep their animals on leads if they cannot be controlled - as others called for the one responsible for the seal attack to be prosecuted. Freddie Mercury, a seal who has been living near Hammersmith Bridge, in west London, was left with severe injuries after a dog off its lead attacked the young pup  The scene immediately after the attack, with a woman pictured holding the dog. It is not known if she is the pet's owner  The animal, who was named after Freddie Mercury because of his crowd-pleasing antics, has been entertaining riverside walkers near Hammersmith Bridge in Barnes Witnesses described the attack as 'savage' and said the dog would not let go despite of repeated attempts by passers-by Distressing pictures showed the young pup being mauled by a brown cross-breed at around 12.45pm on Sunday. Onlookers including a passing vet rushed over to release the dog's clamped jaws and stayed with the injured seal until emergency services arrived. Photographer Duncan Phillips, 55, who was shooting images of the seal when it was attacked on the slipway, told MyLondon: 'It was quite a vicious attack. The dog just wouldn't let go. 'It wouldn't let go despite repeated attempts by members of the public to separate the animals.' The British Divers Marine Life Rescue (BDMLR) sent medics to treat its severe wounds before taking it to the South Essex Wildlife Hospital (SEWH) in Tilbury by boat with help from the Port of London Authority and London Fire Brigade. But vets said in an update on Monday: 'Ourselves and the experts at British divers marine life rescue have consulted several specialist marine and orthopedic vets and as we strongly suspected having taken X-rays this morning the prognosis is extremely poor. 'Freddie's flipper is fractured and the joint dislocated. Seals do not take anaesthetic well as they have a dive reflex and don't breathe. 'We suspect the infection is spreading and with the other bite wounds to his body he is very miserable. 'At this stage we believe the only ethical and fair option we have is to end his suffering.' Four onlookers, including a vet, repeatedly tried to pry the dog's jaw off the young seal but it refused, leaving severe wounds The onlookers who had stopped to help held the seal in place until the emergency services could get there. Young Freddie was left with severe wounds and had to be taken to South Essex Wildlife Hospital with the help of the London Fire Brigade The animal doctors shared a photo of Freddie's X-ray after he fractured his flipper and disjointed his joint, while an infection also spread Freddie was treated at the South Essex Wildlife Hospital where he was taken after the traumatic event on Sunday  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",2421,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261731,2021-03-23 07:40:00,Inspiring Business Development Growth In 2021 And Beyond,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinessdevelopmentcouncil/2021/03/23/inspiring-business-development-growth-in-2021-and-beyond/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty The start of the new year has seen many organizations and business leaders wondering how they can develop a growth strategy for 2021 and beyond — especially while continuing to adjust to the uncertainty that the future of our economies, their business and communities holds. We learned in 2020 that businesses that were ready to innovate, shift strategy on a dime and try new directions were able to overcome many of the obstacles from the pandemic and adapt to rapid changes. Set Realistic Expectations Start Hiring Early — And Make Sure You Understand The Hiring Profile  The pandemic’s onset caused a high amount of unemployment, resulting in thousands of layoffs that impacted every industry across various roles. As such, there are a lot of eligible and qualified people available on the market. As you’re looking to grow, you need to make sure you have the right talent in place and a clear idea of the strategy you’re going after. If you’re looking to acquire new logos, then that’s a very different hiring profile for sales. If you’re looking to grow the existing clients you have, that is also a different profile. It’s important to ask yourself: What are the different programs you’re running? What is the strategy of the business? Are you looking to grow new logos? Ensuring that the revenue organization is aligned on the strategy from marketing to sales will allow for fast execution of the right approach to achieve your goals.  Get Clear About Your Goals And Objectives Even though we are getting back to some level of normalcy, things that worked before the pandemic are probably not going to work in the current year and beyond. For example, in-person events are an area that many marketing budgets targeted but have been completely upended by the pandemic as the world has moved towards virtual events. This leaves an extra budget for new and creative ideas. The entire strategy of revenue for organizations will stay in flux, even after we get through vaccinations. Getting clear on what your new organizational goals and objectives are while continuing to take care of employees is important to keep in mind. As we pass the year mark of employees being effectively stuck in their homes, goals and objectives should include a plan on how to motivate sales and marketing teams. This is needed so they can push for continued growth when more likely than not, they are dealing with the burnout of working from home. We manage burnout at WhiteHat by doing alternative workweeks where our employees get to work four 10-hour days. This has empowered employees to choose a day they want to take off and has significantly reduced burnout. Being overly communicative and transparent is also key to easing concerns during uncertainty. At the start of the pandemic, we started doing weekly all-hands with the entire company, then transitioned to every other week, and now we’re back to monthly as we get used to being remote. Our goal for holding these meetings has been to inform employees how the business is doing and give them a sense of stability. 2021 will be the year of transition for many, if not all, organizations. This is the time to take a holistic look at your company’s overall vision and growth strategy. Aligning your goals and objectives with realistic expectations and honing in on hiring profiles is a great start to navigating post-pandemic success. ",573,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886281466,2021-03-23 08:05:09,Coronavirus UK: Britain remembers Covid dead with national minute's silence,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392895/Coronavirus-UK-Britain-remembers-Covid-dead-national-minutes-silence.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 3.4k Boris Johnson today led Britain in mourning the victims of coronavirus during a minute's silence to mark the anniversary of the first national lockdown.  The Prime Minister, who was almost killed by Covid-19 last year, paid a solemn tribute to the 126,172 dead in the Cabinet room of No10 at midday.  Ahead of fronting a Downing Street briefing tonight, he offered his 'sincere condolences to those who have lost loved ones.' The Queen and also marked the occasion, releasing a rare statement honoring the victims of the pandemic, while Prince Charles summoned the nation to 'remember the lives tragically cut short'.  The monarch said: 'As we look forward to a brighter future together, today we pause to reflect on the grief and loss that continues to be felt by so many people and families, and pay tribute to the immeasurable service of those who have supported us all over the last year.'  Many hospitals, government buildings, schools and religious sites also observed the minute's silence in commemoration.  And tonight Britons are being encouraged to stand on their doorsteps at 8pm and light candles as a 'beacon of remembrance' for those who have lost their lives.   As Britain marks and reflects a year since the unprecedented first national lockdown, it also emerged today:   Boris Johnson takes part in a private minute's silence for the victims of Covid-19 in the Cabinet room at No10 Downing Street  today  Staff observe a minute's silence outside the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital in Glasgow at midday today Hospital staff observe a minute's silence as part of a day of reflection outside Aintree University Hospital in Liverpool today A minute's silence is held at London Waterloo station at midday today to remember those who have died from Covid-19 People come together on Edinburgh's Calton Hill on the anniversary of the national lockdown People observe a minute's silence as part of a day of reflection on Guildford High Street in Guildford, Surrey, at noon today Students and staff at Burnley College hold a minute's silence during the National Reflection Day at midday today Firefighters hold a minute's silence at Leeds fire station during the National Reflection Day at midday today Flowers sent from Queen Elizabeth II to staff at St Bartholomew's Hospital in London, which treated her husband Prince Philip earlier this month, on the anniversary of the first national lockdown to prevent the spread of coronavirus Nurses stand together in Cardiff to remember those who have died from coronavirus over the past year Nurses at a Covid-19 vaccination centre pause at midday today to remember the 126,172 killed by coronavirus in Britain Care home staff at Westbourne House care home in Sheffield hold a minute's silence for Covid-19 victims today Covid-19 victims are remembered on the first lockdown anniversary at the Royal Free Hospital in North London today MPs observe a minute's silence in House of Commons during the National Day of Reflection at midday today Mr Johnson said: 'Today, the anniversary of the first lockdown, is an opportunity to reflect on the past year – one of the most difficult in our country's history.  'We should also remember the great spirit shown by our nation over this past year. We have all played our part, whether it's working on the front line as a nurse or carer, working on vaccine development and supply, helping to get that jab into arms, home schooling your children, or just by staying at home to prevent the spread of the virus. 'It's because of every person in this country that lives have been saved, our NHS was protected, and we have started on our cautious road to easing restrictions once and for all.' Charles, who also suffered from Covid-19 last year but later admitted he 'got away with it quite lightly', has also lent his support to the day of national reflection.  In a recorded message, the heir to the throne, who is a patron of end-of-life charity Marie Curie, said: 'We have all been inspired by the resourcefulness we have witnessed, humbled by the dedication shown by so many, and moved, beyond words, by the sacrifices we have seen. 'Whatever our faith or philosophy may be, let us take a moment together to remember those who have been lost, to give thanks for their lives, and to acknowledge the inexpressible pain of parting. In their memory, let us resolve to work for a future inspired by our highest values, that have been displayed so clearly by the people of this country through this most challenging of times.'   Downing Street said Mr Johnson had reflected with Cabinet ministers on 'a very dark and difficult year' for the nation on the anniversary of the first lockdown.  Worshippers take part in a minute's silence on the first anniversary of the first lockdown at Lichfield Cathedral today Health workers at the Fazl mosque vaccination centre in South West London today take part in a minute's silence  The England national team pause to reflect before training today at St George's Park in Staffordshire Healthcare workers and staff observe a minute of silence at the Marie Curie Hospice in Hampstead, North London, today Missioner Stephen Girling stands beside a candle lit to observe a minute's silence in Bath Abbey at noon today First Minister Nicola Sturgeon observes a minute's silence in the Garden Lobby of the Scottish Parliament at Holyrood today Staff observe a minute's silence outside the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital in Glasgow at noon today Nicola Sturgeon (bottom left) and other Scottish leaders pause for the silence at the Scottish Parliament today Pharmacy staff observe a minute's silence as part of a day of reflection in Woburn Sands, Bedfordshire, today A member of NHS staff lays flowers under the Mary Seacole Statue n at St Thomas' Hospital in London at noon today  A service is held at the Royal Bournemouth Hospital in Dorset to mark the one-year anniversary of the UK's first lockdown Health workers from Glasgow Royal Infirmary take part in a minute's silence on the first anniversary of the lockdown Health workers at St Vincent's Centre in Leeds make the shape of a heart with their hands as they take part in the silence today A woman becomes emotional while observing the minute's silence at University Hospital Southampton at noon today Railway workers gather together at Waterloo station at midday today to remember those who have died from Covid-19 Police, railway staff and members of the public gathered for a minute's silence at London Waterloo station at midday today  A minute's silence is held today at Newcastle Central train station to commemorate a year since the first national lockdown  Staff and military personnel who have been assisting hold flowers at St Thomas' Hospital in London at noon today Labour leader Keir Starmer and Shadow Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, Rachel Reeves join paramedics at Deptford Ambulance station in South East London today NHS England Chief Executive Sir Simon Stevens observes a minute's silence at St Thomas' Hospital in London today A healthcare worker during the National Day of Reflection at Blackburn Cathedral this morning Candles are lit at Blackburn Cathedral today, on the anniversary of the first national lockdown to prevent the spread of Covid A woman lights a candle during the National Day of Reflection at Blackburn Cathedral this morning Candles are lit during the National Day of Reflection at Blackburn Cathedral today A verger lights one of 4,161 candles representing each death from Covid-19 in Lancashire, at Blackburn Cathedral today  The Very Reverend Anthony Cane, Dean of Portsmouth, lights a candle this morning at the city's cathedral The Prince of Wales has lent his support to the day of national reflection being held on the anniversary of the first lockdown Boris Johnson, who was almost killed by Covid-19 himself, offered his 'sincere condolences to those who have lost loved ones' Mayor of London Sadiq Khan helps to plant the final two trees in the London Blossom Garden at Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park in London this morning on the anniversary of the first national lockdown before taking part in a moment of silence A No 10 spokesman said: 'The PM began Cabinet by reflecting on what he said had been a very dark and difficult year for our country. The PM said that we mourn all those we have lost and send our deepest sympathies to their families, friends and loved ones. 'The PM said the last year had also shown the great strengths of the British public, which had demonstrated such resilience and fortitude, and had shown such willingness to work together for a common good.' All shops selling non-essential goods are told to close, gatherings of more than two people in public are banned, events including weddings - but excluding funerals - are cancelled. Downing Street says the Prime Minister has been admitted to hospital for tests as a 'precautionary step' as his symptoms persist. The hospital death toll of people who have tested positive in the UK passes the 10,000 mark. Mr Johnson announces groups of up to six are allowed to meet outside. Social gatherings of more than six people will be illegal in England from September 14, ministers announce, as the Government seeks to curb the rise in coronavirus cases. The R number - representing the number of people an infected person will pass the virus to - is estimated to be between 1.1 and 1.4, meaning cases could rise very quickly. Cabinet Office Minister Michael Gove recommends that people now work from home if able to do so. Meanwhile, the UK becomes the first country in the world to approve the coronavirus vaccine from Pfizer and BioNTech. Tougher restrictions are imposed on London and parts of Essex and Hertfordshire following 'very sharp, exponential rises' in cases. Meanwhile, a Covid-19 vaccine from Oxford University and AstraZeneca is approved for use in the UK. Later that evening, in a televised address, Mr Johnson announces a third national lockdown for England which will see schools shut to most students and people urged to stay at home to prevent the NHS being overwhelmed by surging coronavirus infections. People are also allowed to have socially distanced one-to-one meetings with others outdoors in a public space. Meanwhile, European Union chief Ursula von der Leyen threatens to block the export of vaccines to the UK amid an ongoing row over the supply of the Oxford/AstraZeneca jab. The Prime Minister and his Cabinet also were said to have paid tribute to the 'extraordinary service' of NHS and social care workers, as well as those in the public sector. He also praised the 'absolutely astonishing achievement' of British scientists and businesses in developing a vaccine and delivering it to half the adult population within a year. Meanwhile Health Secretary Matt Hancock said there are no plans to put all of Europe on the travel 'red list', which forces British nationals and people who are normally resident in the UK to quarantine in a Government-approved hotel for ten days. Mr Hancock, who spoke to his Spanish counterpart yesterday about whether travel could resume safely, told LBC: 'We don't have any plans to do that. We do have this red list and the amber list, and at the moment that is working well, so we don't have plans to do that.' Yesterday, health minister Lord Bethell raised the prospect of having to 'red-list all of our European neighbours', putting plans for holidays abroad in jeopardy. Mr Hancock said the ban on leaving the UK without a reasonable excuse, included in new coronavirus laws coming into force next week, had not changed the road map plans for international travel. He told BBC Breakfast that current border measures were protecting the UK from new variants, some of which have been shown to evade a degree of immunity offered by vaccines. He added: 'The question is whether we'll be able to release any of these measures over the summer. 'I entirely understand people's yearning to get away and have a summer holiday, and we're looking at that question right now as part of the global travel taskforce, which will report in the middle of next month. 'The earliest that will take any steps will be May 17 but, obviously, we're taking a cautious approach because we want any openings that we make to be irreversible.' He said the Government would only take 'steps that we think are safe' but said 'on the other hand, we do understand, of course I understand, how people want to be able to get away in the summer, especially after the last year that we've all had'. Reflecting on the last year, Mr Hancock said: 'I think the last year has been probably the hardest year in a generation. 'This crisis has touched everybody. My first thoughts go to those who've lost loved ones. The impact of that is permanent, I know that from my family. 'And, obviously, it's vital that we are constantly learning and constantly looking at the evidence, listening to scientific advisers, listening to all of the advice and looking at what has happened and how we can improve the response throughout that.' He said he was at home when he heard of the first Covid death, adding: 'I remember sitting down and, you know, it really hit me.' He added: 'That was the first death and there have been many more since then, and it's touched many, many families in this terrible way, and it's just made me more determined to get us out of this. 'You can see now that the number of people going to hospital, thankfully, is really falling sharply and the number of people who are dying ... these can just be statistics, but they really mean something. 'It's very good news because fewer families are having to go through what so many families have been through.' Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said he would be joining the minute's silence to remember those who have died. He tweeted: 'As we mark one year since our country entered the first lockdown, my thoughts are with all those who have lost loved ones since the pandemic began.' Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon tweeted: 'One year on. Thinking today of all those who have lost a loved one to Covid, and to everyone who continues to make heartbreaking sacrifices as we continue to navigate our way through this terrible ordeal, together. 'Also, many people have lost loved ones to causes other than Covid over the past 12 months. The restrictions in place have made the grieving process even more difficult than it would have been - my thoughts are with you too.' It comes as ministers continue to examine the issue of compulsory vaccination of care home staff in order to protect residents from coronavirus. Mr Hancock insisted that 'no decision' has yet been taken, though he said the Government was thinking about the move. Medics working on the front line already have to have a hepatitis B vaccination to protect patients. Mr Hancock said 76 per cent of staff in care homes for the elderly had been vaccinated, and more than 90% of residents, but there was 'still further to go'. He told the BBC: 'It's important because those who look after people in care homes have a duty of care towards them and not every resident in a care home can be vaccinated.' Elsewhere, Professor Calum Semple, a member of the Government's Scientific Advisory Group for Emergencies (Sage), said he thought a third wave of coronavirus could potentially hit in the summer. The UK is expecting another wave of infections at some point, mostly among the unvaccinated, but some scientists have suggested this will not be until the autumn or winter. Mr Semple said: 'The concern at present is that in countries where there's less vaccination and a very strong third wave, that's the perfect breeding ground for further variants of concern. 'So, at this point, Britain has got its act together, the concern is as this third wave is going on elsewhere, that will generate new variations. 'Even within Britain there is a likelihood of a third wave in potentially July and August time, when we do unlock society. That third wave we would expect to occur in people that are less susceptible to very severe disease. 'It's inevitable as we unlock there will be an rise in cases, the key here is have we won the race to vaccinate the most vulnerable members of society so we can keep society open this time?' Meanwhile, diplomatic efforts are continuing in a bid to ward off a possible ban on vaccine exports from the European Union amid a row over supplies. German Chancellor Angela Merkel told reporters she and French President Emmanuel Macron had each recently spoken to Mr Johnson about the matter, adding EU leaders aimed to reach a decision 'in a responsible way' during their virtual summit on Thursday.  A year ago today the PM addressed the nation at 8pm and told them to stay at home to protect the NHS and avoid the 'devastating impact of this invisible killer'. Twelve months on, the nation will pause in remembrance at midday, with Brits encouraged to stand on their doorsteps at 8pm with phones, candles and torches to signify a 'beacon of remembrance'. More than 250 organisations are supporting the day of reflection, including 82 leaders from religious groups and cross-party politicians, care organisations, charities, businesses, emergency services, public sector bodies and community groups. Mr Johnson, who will observe the minute's silence privately, said: 'The last 12 months has taken a huge toll on us all, and I offer my sincere condolences to those who have lost loved ones. 'Today, the anniversary of the first lockdown, is an opportunity to reflect on the past year – one of the most difficult in our country's history.  'We should also remember the great spirit shown by our nation over this past year. We have all played our part, whether it's working on the front line as a nurse or carer, working on vaccine development and supply, helping to get that jab into arms, home schooling your children, or just by staying at home to prevent the spread of the virus. 'It's because of every person in this country that lives have been saved, our NHS was protected, and we have started on our cautious road to easing restrictions once and for all.' From March 29, the Rule of Six will return for outdoor gatherings, with the Government changing advice from Stay at Home to Stay Local, and a public transport lifted. Next month, should Covid-19 rates continue to fall, non-essential retail and hairdressers will reopen on April 12, along with restaurants and pubs to outdoor customers. May 17 will see hotel, cinemas and play areas reopen, with the Rule of Six dropped out doors, along with the possibility of international travel bans being lifted. June 21 could see all legal limits on social contacts go, along with all restrictions on large events, just in time for the summer.  According to the latest available data from the Office for National Statistics, there have been 618,676 deaths from all causes registered in England and Wales between March 21 2020 and the week ending March 5 2021. The figures also show that, across the UK, 147,681 deaths have now occurred where Covid-19 was mentioned on the death certificate. The Health Foundation calculates that those who died with Covid-19 have lost up to 10 years of life on average, with a total of up to 1.5 million potential years of life lost. Addressing the nation last March 23, Mr Johnson said: 'Without a huge national effort to halt the growth of this virus, there will come a moment when no health service in the world could possibly cope; because there won't be enough ventilators, enough intensive care beds, enough doctors and nurses. 'And as we have seen elsewhere, in other countries that also have fantastic health care systems, that is the moment of real danger. 'To put it simply, if too many people become seriously unwell at one time, the NHS will be unable to handle it - meaning more people are likely to die, not just from Coronavirus but from other illnesses as well. 'So it's vital to slow the spread of the disease because that is the way we reduce the number of people needing hospital treatment at any one time, so we can protect the NHS's ability to cope - and save more lives. 'And that's why we have been asking people to stay at home during this pandemic. 'And though huge numbers are complying – and I thank you all - the time has now come for us all to do more. 'From this evening I must give the British people a very simple instruction - you must stay at home. 'Because the critical thing we must do is stop the disease spreading between households. Ending his speech, Mr Johnson said: 'We will come through it stronger than ever. We will beat the coronavirus and we will beat it together. 'And therefore I urge you at this moment of national emergency to stay at home, protect our NHS and save lives. Thank you.'  Since then the country has undergone varying levels of lockdown, most recently the country returned to strictest measures at the start of January, amid fears of variants and a second wave. Britain's vaccine roll-out has offered a light at the end of the tunnel after a year that saw elderly people and carers forced to shield from loved ones to avoid the virus.  Nearly 28million people have received their first dose of a Covid vaccine to date.  Dr Susan Hopkins, Public Health England strategic response director for Covid-19, said: 'This virus has left no one untouched and it has been the most challenging time both personally and professionally that many of us have ever faced. 'I want to say thank you today to all the public health professionals and key workers who have worked long and difficult hours to help keep the country safe. The commitment you have shown is an inspiration to us all.' Damon Arnette threatens to kill someone while brandishing gun Howard Stern rips Aaron Rodgers over misleading vaccination comments Hunter seen shockingly kicking horse during Hertfordshire hunt Surveillance footage of two gunmen before killing at Mexico hotel Not guilty verdict after two pit bulls mauled elderly woman to death Owner screams of fright as dog throws squirrel at her Little House on the Prarie star talks upcoming book about the show Travis Scott tells crowd to 'f**k up' fan who 'tried to steal shoe' Two-toed baby sloth surprises zookeepers with speedy birth AOC tells activists to 'stay in the streets' at climate summit Driver rescues kitten stuck in car engine during commute to work Miya Ponsetto AKA Soho Karen appears in court charged with hate crime Staff at St Bartholomew's Hospital, London, receive flowers from Queen Elizabeth II on the anniversary of the lockdown today Staff at St Bartholomew's Hospital, London, receive flowers from Queen Elizabeth II on the anniversary of the lockdown today Chief Executive of St Bartholomew's Hospital Professor Charles Knight receives flowers from Queen Elizabeth II today The Duchess of Cambridge (centre) speaks to staff during a visit to the vaccination centre at Westminster Abbey today Damon Arnette threatens to kill someone while brandishing gun Howard Stern rips Aaron Rodgers over misleading vaccination comments Hunter seen shockingly kicking horse during Hertfordshire hunt Surveillance footage of two gunmen before killing at Mexico hotel Not guilty verdict after two pit bulls mauled elderly woman to death Owner screams of fright as dog throws squirrel at her Little House on the Prarie star talks upcoming book about the show Travis Scott tells crowd to 'f**k up' fan who 'tried to steal shoe' Two-toed baby sloth surprises zookeepers with speedy birth AOC tells activists to 'stay in the streets' at climate summit Driver rescues kitten stuck in car engine during commute to work Miya Ponsetto AKA Soho Karen appears in court charged with hate crime The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge (centre) with Dean of Westminster The Very Reverend Dr David Hoyle,(right) and Paul Baumann, Receiver General and Chapter Clerk, arrive for a visit to the vaccination centre at Westminster Abbey today The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge (left) with Dean of Westminster The Very Reverend Dr David Hoyle (right) and Paul Baumann, Receiver General and Chapter Clerk, arrive for a visit to the vaccination centre at Westminster Abbey today People wearing face masks walk past a coronavirus advice sign in Skegness, Lincolnshire, this morning People cross London Bridge in the capital today during the morning commute on the National Day of Reflection  Benches piled on top of one another today to prevent them being used in Skegness, Lincolnshire, during the third lockdown  Labour party leader Sir Keir Starmer (left) and Rachel Reeves (right), Shadow Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, walk with nurse Lisa Newell during a visit to Chelsea and Westminster Hospital in London this morning A member of the public is given a Covid-19 vaccination in the Cumbrian town of Workington today  Rachel Reeves,  Labour's shadow chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, added: 'Today we reflect on what has been a terrible year for our country and the huge sacrifices the British people have made. The Queen has reflected on the ""grief and loss felt by so many"" as she marked the poignant Covid lockdown anniversary by sending flowers to the hospital where the Duke of Edinburgh had heart surgery. The monarch paid tribute to the ""immeasurable service of those who have supported us all over the last year"" in a message honouring the national day of reflection. Staff at St Bartholomew's Hospital, London, receive flowers from the Queen on the anniversary of the first lockdown A bouquet of irises, tulips, mixed narcissi and ranunculus and the message were carried to St Bartholomew's Hospital in the City of London from Windsor Castle, where the monarch and Philip have been staying during the pandemic. The Queen is understood to have wanted to mark the day during which Covid-19 victims are being remembered across the nation with a minute's silence at midday. She chose St Barts to receive the flowers following the duke's successful procedure and recent stay. The Queen also wrote of how the nation was looking forward to a ""brighter future together"". The message read: ""As we look forward to a brighter future together, today we pause to reflect on the grief and loss that continues to be felt by so many people and families, and pay tribute to the immeasurable service of those who have supported us all over the last year."" The floral gift was handed to the hospital's chief executive, consultant cardiologist Professor Charles Knight. Philip, 99, and the Queen, who have been married for 73 years, were reunited at Windsor in Berkshire last week after the duke spent a month in hospital. The duke had a successful procedure on his heart at St Bartholomew's on March 3 - three months ahead of his 100th birthday in June. He was discharged on March 16. Philip had been moved to the NHS hospital by ambulance, after initially being treated at the private King Edward VII's Hospital in central London and then returning there to recuperate after surgery. 'Our thoughts in particular are with those families who have lost loved ones to this terrible virus and will still be grieving. 'As we reflect on the past year, we owe it to those whose lives have been lost to learn the lessons from the pandemic and to build a stronger more secure future for our country.  'A public inquiry into the pandemic will be key to this.' To mark the anniversary, London's skyline will turn yellow with landmarks including the London Eye, Trafalgar Square and Wembley Stadium lighting up at nightfall. Other notable buildings that will be illuminated include Cardiff Castle and Belfast City Hall, while churches and cathedrals will toll bells, light thousands of candles and offer prayers. In Portsmouth, churches will deliver more than 50 boxes of chocolates and cards to local GP surgeries, care homes and schools to thank key workers for their pandemic efforts.  The Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby said: 'This day of reflection is an opportunity to pause and remember all that's happened over the past year, to mourn those who have died but also to give thanks for those who have looked after us and our communities. 'It is a moment to pray together to our Father in Heaven to comfort us in our grief and to lead us into the hope of the risen Christ and the eternal life he promises. 'As we reflect on the pandemic, may He strengthen our resolve to rebuild a kinder, fairer and more compassionate society, may He be with those who are struggling and may He guide us in honouring those we have lost over the past year.' Nursing staff will also pause to say thank you to members of the public for their year of sacrifice, and remember the loss of friends, colleagues and patients. Nursing leader Dame Donna Kinnair said: 'After a year of sacrifices and gestures, great and small, we are taking our turn to thank the public. In a time of loss and fear, they helped us to keep digging deeper. 'We will take a day to remember and reflect – as much about the future we want as the year we've had.'   As Europe is hit with a new wave of coronavirus cases, it was revealed todat face £5,000 fines for going abroad on holiday from Monday. The threat of penalties for leaving the UK without 'reasonable excuse' – such as for work or family matters – will remain in place until the end of June. Yesterday it emerged that France is likely to be added by the end of the week to a 'red list' of countries requiring hotel quarantine. Health officials are increasingly concerned by a surge in cases of the South African Covid variant across the Channel. A minister even suggested the whole of the continent could be put on the red list because of botched vaccine rollouts. That might mean the need to quarantine after foreign trips would stay in place until at least August. A 'traffic light' system is under consideration, allowing restriction-free travel to 'green' countries. However, sources stressed no decisions had been taken. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps is leading a taskforce that will report by April 12 on how and when the ban on non-essential travel can be lifted. Under Boris Johnson's official roadmap it can be no earlier than May 17.  Care minister Helen Whately yesterday repeated official warnings that booking a trip abroad would be 'premature'. One year ago: People listen in Liverpool as Prime Minister Boris Johnson makes a televised address on March 23, 2020  Shelves were emptied ahead of the lockdown being announced, with a Tesco store in Sheffield pictured on March 22, 2020 The NHS was also hit by a shortage of PPE that led to a rush to find people who could provide masks, gloves and gowns. Some staff were forced to use bin liners. Pictured: A medic pushes a patient at St Thomas' Hospital in London on April 1, 2020 In an echo of Clap for Carers (pictured), Brits are being encouraged to gather on their doorsteps today at 8pm, but instead bring out candles, torches and their phones to create a 'Beacon of Remembrance' But top scientists yesterday backed allowing foreign holidays this summer. Doctors, teachers and nurses are calling on Boris Johnson to formally recognise an annual 'Covid Memorial Day' paying tribute to the efforts of frontline workers during the pandemic. They are among those backing a cross-party campaign for a minute's silence every year on March 23 to remember the lives lost on the anniversary of the first UK-wide lockdown. In a letter to the Prime Minister, MPs said the nation 'must remember the lives lost and lives changed with dignity, and commemorate the efforts of our frontline and key workers with pride'. Schools, workplaces and public venues would hold a silence at noon every year, while wreaths would be laid at a new coronavirus memorial monument on Whitehall under the plans. More than 50 MPs and peers, including Tory MP Dr Dan Poulter, signed the letter organised by Layla Moran, the MP who chairs the all-party parliamentary group on coronavirus. Separately the Royal College of Nursing, the Local Government Association and the NASUWT teacher's trade union backed the initiative. British Medical Association council chairman Dr Chaand Nagpaul said: 'Crucially, this day should be marked in history to ensure that we never take for granted our health service and are constantly progressing and learning lessons that will serve us well in the future.' Carl Heneghan, a professor of evidence-based medicine at Oxford University, said: 'We were allowing people to go on holiday last summer, without any testing programme, and now we have got the vaccination programme and the testing programme. Given that, you have to ask the question, 'What will it take if that's not sufficient?' Professor Robert Dingwall, who sits on the Government's scientific advisory group Nervtag, added: 'We should have been able to complete the two rounds of vaccinations for the over-50s and clinically vulnerable by the end of April, early May. 'Add on a couple of weeks for these things to take effect and you wouldn't really have much of a case for going beyond the end of May [for extending the travel ban].' However, given the picture in Europe it appears increasingly likely that foreign holidays will be delayed until at least June 21, the same day the Government plans to remove all domestic restrictions. The slow rollout of the vaccination programme in Europe means most countries popular with Britons are unlikely to be declared 'green' until late summer. This would make foreign trips impossible for most holidaymakers because of the ten days of quarantine. Putting France on the red list will mean returning British nationals are forced to isolate in an approved hotel at their own expense. Non-British residents will be banned from entering and direct flights will also cease. Exemptions would be made for hauliers to protect trade. Health minister Lord Bethell of Romford yesterday told peers: 'The possibility is that we will have to red-list all of our European neighbours. But that would be done with huge regret because we are a trading nation.' Thirty-five countries are on the red list, including the whole of South America, southern Africa, the United Arab Emirates and Qatar. Portugal was on the list but was removed last week. The ban on foreign holidays was implicit because leisure trips abroad were not one of the reasons allowed for leaving the house. But, from Monday it will be officially placed in law at the same time as the 'stay at home' message is lifted. The foreign travel ban does not apply to those going to the common travel area of the Channel Islands, Isle of Man and the Republic of Ireland. Exemptions apply to those needing to travel for work, study, for legal obligations or to vote. Births, weddings and visiting a dying relative or close friend also qualify. Step One Part One: March 8 From March 8, all pupils and students returned to schools and colleges across England. So-called wrap-around childcare was also allowed to resume, paving the way for after and before school clubs to reopen. People were allowed to meet one other person outside for recreation, for example, to have a picnic or to meet for coffee. Care home residents were be able to have one regular named visitor. The Government's stay at home order remained in place, with travel for non-essential purposes still banned. Step One Part Two: March 29 From March 29, outdoor gatherings of up to six people or a larger group from up to two households will be allowed. These gatherings will be allowed to happen in private gardens. Outdoor sports like tennis and basketball will be allowed to reopen and people will also be able to take part in formally organised outdoor sports. It is at this point that the Government's stay at home guidance will end, to be replaced by ministers encouraging people to 'stay local'. However, the Government is expected not to define what constitutes local, instead choosing to rely on people using their common sense to decide on journeys. People will still be told to work from home wherever possible while international travel will still be banned unless it is for essential purposes. Step Two: April 12 Nom-essential retail will be allowed to reopen as well as personal care premises like hairdressers, barbers and nail salons. Public buildings like libraries, museums and art galleries will be allowed to welcome back customers. Meanwhile, hospitality venues and outdoor attractions like theme parks will be given the green light to reopen in some form. However, there will still be rules on household mixing: Essentially any activity which involves being indoors will be restricted to members of the same household. Gyms and swimming pools will also reopen from April 12 but only on the basis that people go on their own or with their own household. Pubs and restaurants will be able to reopen but at this point they will only be able to have customers outdoors.  The Government will not be bringing back the old requirement for people to order a substantial meal with alcohol while the old 10pm curfew will be ditched. All customers at hospitality venues will also have to be seated when they order food or drink, with ordering at the bar prohibited. Campsites and holiday lets where indoor facilities are not shared with other households can also reopen but trips must be restricted a single household. Funerals will be allowed to continue with up to 30 people, while the rules on wedding receptions will be eased to allow the number of guests to increase from six to 15. Step Three: May 17 The two household and rule of six requirements for outdoor gatherings will be ditched but gatherings of more than 30 people in places like parks will still be banned. Crucially, mixing indoors will be allowed again. The rule of six or a larger group from up to two households will be allowed to meet. However, this will be kept under review by ministers to see if rules could be relaxed still further. This is also the point at which pubs and restaurants and other hospitality venues will be able to open indoors, with the rule of six and two household limit in place. But groups meeting outdoors at pubs will be allowed to be bigger. Entertainment venues like cinemas and children's play areas will be able to reopen, as will hotels and B&Bs. Indoor adult sports groups and exercise classes can also reopen. Changes will also be made to sporting and performance events in indoor venues with a capacity of 1,000 people or half full ** Please send us your #LastNormalPhoto to: pictures@mailonline.co.uk **  From being in a crowd of thousands of fans to a romantic meal out with your other half, Britons have been sharing everyday snapshots of life before the first national lockdown on the one-year anniversary of it being announced.  Going to a music concert or a sports event and being sat or stood close to thousands of strangers used to be normal life for most people, but that all changed in March 2020 when Britain was put into the first shutdown.  Other people tweeted images of them out for dinner with friends or colleagues, at a theatre production or doing a park run with hundreds of other people. You can send yours to pictures@mailonline.co.uk, tweet them to @Mailonlinepics or send them via the MailOnline WhatsApp number, 07881 323742. Here are some of the best pictures posted under the #LastNormalPhoto hashtag over the past 24 hours: ** Please send us your #LastNormalPhoto to: pictures@mailonline.co.uk. Here are some you've already sent us: Jane Osborne: '8 brothers and sisters meeting up for a weekend together' Sally Ann Fawcett: ;My last normal photo was taken when I met Miss World 1970, Jennifer Hosten, at the premiere of the movie Misbehaviour, in London.I am a beauty pageant judge, writer and historian and it is amazing to think that my last 'legal' social occasion was meeting this iconic beauty queen' Martin Griffiths: 'The last ever gig at the Artrix in Bromsgrove. Its now a Covid Vaccination Centre. The band is Martin Turner's Wishbone Ash' Vicky W: 'We were in Grenada in the Caribbean when the UK went into lockdown. We ended up getting the last commercial flight out, a few days earlier than we intended to come back. Wish we'd stayed in the end!' By DANYAL HUSSAIN FOR MAILONLINE  Today marks one year since the national lockdown came into force amid the outbreak of coronavirus, changing our day-to-day lives in unimaginable ways. There is more optimism about the UK's situation now as we hit day 365 of the lockdown, with the vaccine programme paving the way for a roadmap out of restrictions.  However, this time last year was a much different story, with headlines laying bare the worry and fear that blighted the nation as the pandemic started to gather momentum. Enormous queues snaked around the block outside McDonald's stores across the country as the fast food giant prepared to shut its doors from 7pm that evening.  Fast food chains Greggs, KFC and Nando's followed suit and also announced the closures of their restaurants but it was McDonald's that fearful Britons flocked to. In a televised address to the nation, Johnson told people they should not be meeting friends or family members who do not live in their homes. Announcing the start of the nation's lockdown, the PM said: 'From this evening I must give the British people a very simple instruction - you must stay at home. 'If you don't follow the rules the police will have the powers to enforce them.' On March 23, 2020, coronavirus deaths rose by 54 to 335.  The PM was forced into the draconian move amid fury that many people are still flouting 'social distancing' guidance, with parks and Tube trains in London still busy despite repeated pleas.  Here, MailOnline looks at the events of 12 months ago on the anniversary of the March 23 shutdown.  This time last year, Prime Minister Boris Johnson ordered stringent restrictions on people's movement to slow the spread of the coronavirus, saying people should stay at home unless they are buying food, travelling to work, needing medical care or exercising March 23, 2020: Boris Johnson announces the most draconian lock-down in British peace or wartime history On this day last year, Boris Johnson held an evening press conference where he plunged Britain into a lockdown amid the spread of coronavirus.  Gatherings of more than two people were banned in the most dramatic curbs on freedom ever seen in Britain in time of peace or war, as the government went all out to stop the spread of the killer disease, which had claimed 335 lives at the time. In a grim address to the nation from Downing Street, Mr Johnson said: 'Without a huge national effort to halt the growth of this virus, there will come a moment when no health service in the world could possibly cope; because there won't be enough ventilators, enough intensive care beds, enough doctors and nurses', adding: 'I must give the British people a very simple instruction - you must stay at home'.  People were only allowed leave their homes for essential supplies, medical help, or to travel to work if it is 'absolutely' unavoidable.  Police were given powers to fine those who did not fall into line, and disperse any public gatherings, in measures to curb movement only seen during the Second World War.  Boris Johnson plunged the UK into coronavirus lockdown on March 23 last year - ordering the closure of all shops selling non-essential goods as well as playgrounds and churches  Damon Arnette threatens to kill someone while brandishing gun Howard Stern rips Aaron Rodgers over misleading vaccination comments Hunter seen shockingly kicking horse during Hertfordshire hunt Republican Paul Gosar tweets anime mashup showing him kill AOC Surveillance footage of two gunmen before killing at Mexico hotel Not guilty verdict after two pit bulls mauled elderly woman to death Owner screams of fright as dog throws squirrel at her Little House on the Prarie star talks upcoming book about the show Travis Scott tells crowd to 'f**k up' fan who 'tried to steal shoe' Two-toed baby sloth surprises zookeepers with speedy birth Driver rescues kitten stuck in car engine during commute to work Miya Ponsetto AKA Soho Karen appears in court charged with hate crime March 23, 2020: Fast-food fans queue at McDonald's drive-thrus for a final meal before burger giant closes all UK branches at 7pm The chain, famous for the Big Mac, shut its branches up and down the UK at 7pm on March 23. Enormous queues snaked around the block in the UK as hungry drive-through customers made one final pilgrimage to the Golden Arches for the foreseeable future.  McDonald's made the 'difficult decision' to temporarily shut down their restaurants from Monday, March 23 as Covid-19 fears escalated. Fast food chains Greggs, KFC and Nando's followed suit and also announced the closures of their restaurants. Vehicles queued to get to the drive-thru at restaurants at Silverlink, Team Valley and Byker. At least ten cars were crammed into the drive-thru space in Tyneside as many enjoyed what a final McDonald's for months to come.  A small number of McDonald's restaurants eventually reopened on May 15 before all stores where reopened in June.  They were opened with several safety measures including social distancing, perspex screens and floor markings.  Like the rest of the restaurant sector, McDonald's shut its doors again in 2021 after the current lockdown was announced. It is set to reopen on April 12.   March 23, 2020: Desperate customers wait for their last McDonald's meal for the foreseeable future at Castleford, West Yorkshire With every UK and Ireland branch of McDonald's set to close from 7pm on March 23 last year, customers flocked for a last meal March 23, 2020: Parents joke about stresses and strains of turning their homes into classrooms  With the news of lockdown, parents across the country rushed to turn their homes into classrooms for home-schooling.  Many resorted to social media to share their frustrations over trying to homeschool their unruly children amid the coronavirus lockdown.  March 23 was the first day pupils were expected to learn from home after UK schools closed for the foreseeable future on the prior Friday.  Millions of stressed out parents were forced to balance working from home with looking after their children, after the Government ruled that only youngsters whose parents are 'key workers' should be allowed to go to school. Mothers and fathers took to Twitter within hours of the 'school day' starting reporting varying degrees of success.  From asking Amazon's Alexa to create timetables and lessons plans to resorting to 'drinking on the job', many parents praised teachers and begged for advice on how to handle the workload.  Exams were cancelled over last summer - leading to chaos and controversy over GCSE and A-Level grades.  Schools were eventually reopened for the new term in the Autumn with several safety measures in place before being closed again on January 5, 2021. They have since reopened, with pupils required to test themselves.   Parents across Britain resorted to social media to share their frustrations over trying to homeschool their unruly children amid the coronavirus lockdown Another parent shared a snap of a meercat carrying multiple young, joking 'this is what homeschooling feels like' Elsewhere Leah joked 'How are all teachers not alcoholics', adding a crying meme to her desperate tweet March 23, 2021: Mayor of Italy's worst-hit town brings his two daughters home from England because UK 'is not taking coronavirus seriously enough'  Giorgio Gori, mayor of Bergamo in Italy's north, said he made the decision to bring his daughters home from school in Taunton and Canterbury after concluding that the UK government was not taking the threat of coronavirus seriously enough. 'And when I saw what the English government was thinking about this problem, I decided to bring them back. 'I think that even if we are at the centre of the epidemic probably they are more secure here than in England.  'I don't understand why the government didn't decide in time to protect their citizens.' Images of Covid patients in Begamo shocked the world last year as Italy briefly became the worst affected country in the world from the virus.    Now, 12 months on, Bergamo is back in lockdown crisis yet again, as Italy struggles with a third wave of infections with hospital ICU wards filling up again. Indian authorities feared a shortage of paracetamol in their own country and restricted its export to the rest of the world, along with several other drugs.  The nation leans on China for almost 70 per cent of the ingredients in its drugs, with the outbreak of the virus leading to significant supply issues.  Though the situation was resolved, the issue of India controlling UK medical supplies reared its head again this week.  Heath Secretary Matt Hancock confirmed that a major slowdown in the UK's vaccine drive forecast for April is due to a delivery of 5million doses of AstraZeneca vaccine from India being delayed in a case of 'vaccine nationalism' as the Asian nation battles rising cases.  March 23, 2020: Reports suggest paracetamol is selling out in pharmacies and stores during the coronavirus outbreak in the UK March 23, 2020: Fit-and-healthy mother, 39, who became face of coronavirus epidemic with harrowing video of her struggling to breathe is released from hospital  Fit-and-healthy Tara Jane Langston became famous worldwide as she described struggling to breathe while warning of the dangers of the killer virus.  A fit and healthy gym goer, from Harrow, west London the mother filmed herself last March gasping for breath in intensive care with oxygen tubes fed into her nose. Describing Covid as 'like having glass in her lungs', it was the first time Britons realised the virus did not just affect old people and sent shockwaves round the country. At the time she was battling Covid, 137 people had died. The latest death toll now stands at 101,887. In an exclusive interview with MailOnline, who first reported Tara's story, the 40-year-old waitress and mother-of-two says there were only a handful of Covid sufferers in hospital when she was being cared for. 'I can honestly say I was lucky to get it when I did, when Covid patients were a rarity, and not now when the hospitals are over-run,' she said, speaking in late January. Mrs Langston, a fit and healthy gym goer, filmed herself last March gasping for breath in intensive care with oxygen tubes fed into her nose Damon Arnette threatens to kill someone while brandishing gun Howard Stern rips Aaron Rodgers over misleading vaccination comments Hunter seen shockingly kicking horse during Hertfordshire hunt Republican Paul Gosar tweets anime mashup showing him kill AOC Surveillance footage of two gunmen before killing at Mexico hotel Not guilty verdict after two pit bulls mauled elderly woman to death Owner screams of fright as dog throws squirrel at her Little House on the Prarie star talks upcoming book about the show Travis Scott tells crowd to 'f**k up' fan who 'tried to steal shoe' Two-toed baby sloth surprises zookeepers with speedy birth Driver rescues kitten stuck in car engine during commute to work Miya Ponsetto AKA Soho Karen appears in court charged with hate crime March 23, 2020: NHS doctor fighting to save lives on coronavirus frontline moves to motorhome away from his cancer-stricken three-year-old son having chemotherapy  An NHS worker who treats coronavirus patients revealed last year how he made the painstaking decision to help strangers battling the disease over being with his three-year-old son who is battling cancer. Nick Dennison, who works at Frimley Park Hospital in Surrey, made the 'difficult choice' to treat the country's sickest patients, exposing himself to being infected - and explained the personal sacrifices he and other NHS heroes have to make to battle the deadly Covid-19. 'I have had to make the difficult choice: to do my job and save lives of people I don't know, or to be with my son whilst he battles cancer. Alfie hopefully will survive his cancer and chemo, but many people will die from flu. My heart is broken making this decision, but I choose to save the lives of strangers and leave him in the care of my beautiful wife and family. 'Later this week I'll be moving into a motor home and will not be able to take any further part in his care for the next 6 months. 'Bottom line. SOCIALLY ISOLATE or people die in two weeks.' Mr Dennison's post was shared more than 85,000 times, with 12,000 comments. In it, he wrote that he works as a consultant anaesthetist - and this week all anaesthetists are being 're-roled as intensive care doctors'. In late December, Mr Dennison shared a photo of himself getting a coronavirus vaccine.  Although it is unclear if he and his son have been reunited, he revealed in an update that the child is doing 'amazingly well' while liking social media posts suggesting they are together again.  Nick Dennison, who works at Frimley Park Hospital in Surrey, made the 'difficult choice' to treat the country's sickest patients, exposing himself to being infected March 23, 2020: Tokyo Olympics will be postponed until 2021, veteran IOC member Dick Pound says  'The parameters going forward have not been determined, but the Games are not going to start on July 24, that much I know. 'It will come in stages. We will postpone this and begin to deal with all the ramifications of moving this, which are immense.' In more bad news for Olympics fans, sources claimed last week that Japan's government has decided to stage this summer's delayed Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics without overseas spectators. Japanese news agency, Kyodo, reported that concerns among the public over the spread of Covid-19 was a key factor behind the decision. The detection of more contagious variants in many countries was also mentioned as a major reason for shutting the Games off to those outside Japan. Japan's coronavirus vaccination programme has been hampered by a lack of supply and a shortage of specialty syringes needed to inject the population.  The delayed Tokyo Olympics are set to go ahead this summer but without overseas spectators Japan's government are concerned over the potential spread of coronavirus at the Games Britons infected with coronavirus were among thousands of patients taking part in a European coronavirus mega-trial of four experimental therapies.   The AIDS drugs will be trialled with and without an injection of a multiple sclerosis drug known as interferon beta. The drugs were selected after 'showing promise' in early studies in China's epicentre Wuhan at the peak of its COVID-19 outbreak.  At the time, there were no approved treatments or preventive vaccines for COVID-19 and most patients received only supportive care such as breathing assistance.  It is a very different story now with several different vaccines available and millions of people in Britain and around the world receiving their first doses.  Meanwhile, last June Oxford University researchers announced dexamethasone — which costs £5 for a course of treatment — cut the risk of death by up to 35 per cent for infected patients on ventilators and by a fifth for anyone needing oxygen at any point.  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",9324,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261727,2021-03-23 07:40:00,When Is It The Right Time To Rebrand?,https://www.forbes.com/sites/theyec/2021/03/23/when-is-it-the-right-time-to-rebrand/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty Your brand is your business’s most valuable asset. We’ve seen firsthand how the power of a brand can influence action. This holds true for every industry, from retail shopping aisles and car lots to regional construction companies and the local bakery — people will happily spend more and show loyalty if a company continuously meets the needs of and connects with the values of their customers. So, when is the right time to rebrand? Aside from extreme situations or significant shifts in your business, usually there is not a straightforward answer to this question. Deciding to embark on this journey is a weighty commitment.  Here is some insight for things to consider and questions to ask yourself before taking the dive into the deep end.  Rebranding: An Icy Dive If I had to come up with an analogy for the process of rebranding, it would be this: You are in Antarctica, and the water below you is completely frozen. It's so thick that people can walk and drive on it. A few feet in front of you, there is a circle cut in the ice, and you can see the freezing cold water — intriguing yet terrifying at the same time. That’s the beginning of the rebranding journey. Farther off, just within your vision, is another hole in the ice. That’s the new brand. Now, you could simply walk to the distant hole, but if you do, nothing will really change. Your experience, clothes and attitude are relatively the same — you're just moving forward on a surface level. The process of a true rebranding is committing yourself to jump into the hole in front of you, submerge yourself in freezing water and embrace the adventure of swimming under the ice to the goal ahead.  Once you have committed, here are the top three things that typically happen: Sudden Abandonment Frustration And Return To The Familiar You dive in and stay in the water, excited about the upcoming journey. Off to a good start! You begin to swim toward the other hole, but during the process, you become disoriented. Suddenly the hole seems farther and farther away. You get turned around and start feeling anxious, and now you're questioning whether you should have jumped in at all. At this stage, most people swim back to the original hole because it’s their place of comfort. Some even try to break through the ice above their current location, leaving them cold, bruised and regretful, now realizing that the frigid jump was worthless without making it to the other side. Commitment And Transformation You jump into the water, and, yes, it’s freezing! Rather than being scared by the chill you knew was coming, you decide the rush of cold is refreshing and provides a much-needed boost of energy. Your heart is pounding. Your focus narrows. Your senses heighten, and your mind is clear. You can see clearly where you need to go now — it all makes sense. Confidently, you continue to swim. You’re cold, and your heart is racing, but you never look back. You see light ahead, pouring through the hole you’re straining for. The hole with the light gets bigger and bigger as you approach, and your anticipation increases, especially knowing it’s the only way out. You spring up from the hole revitalized and feeling like a new person ready to take over the world or run over anything in your way. On the other side of the journey, you ask yourself why it took you so long to jump in. You never knew how powerful this momentum could be. Emerging — seemingly a new person — you are focused, hungry and ready to take on anything that comes your way. You’ve rid yourself of your old skin, and you’ve never felt or looked better.  Top Five Indicators That The Time Has Come To Take The Plunge The decision to actually embark on a rebranding initiative is rarely an easy one, at least if you intend to go deep and do it right, not simply make some surface-level adjustments. To help, here is a list of the top five indicators that it might be time to rebrand your business. • Your core audience has changed or is rapidly changing, and you’re concerned the current brand isn’t positioned to resonate with them.  • Your business model, core offerings or overall strategy has changed.  • The industry you are in is rapidly evolving, and you’re concerned that the current brand is headed toward being considered dull, uninspiring and outdated, especially compared to the competition. • Your business name is overly literal or you have general identity problems.  • You’ve outgrown your own brand. What you are today — and, more importantly, what you aspire to be tomorrow — is different from what your brand once was.  Smart companies rebrand because they know that good design mixed with an established rebranding process is a winning formula for success. Whether you’re attempting to introduce your business to a new target audience or your current messaging and image is outdated, it’s important to consider rebranding carefully and make sure your core leaders are aligned, so your brand can remain relevant in the years to come. ",872,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886281460,2021-03-23 08:06:09,England and Wales saw NO excess deaths last week for the first time since AUGUST,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392707/England-Wales-saw-NO-excess-deaths-week-time-AUGUST.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 355 England and Wales suffered suffered no excess deaths last week for the first time since August, official figures showed today in a sign Britain's second wave of Covid may be over. Office of National Statistics (ONS) data revealed there were 10,987 fatalities from all causes in the week ending March 12 — 4.4 per cent down on the five-year average (11,498). Deaths were below expected levels in all regions except the East Midlands. Experts hailed the figures as proof the second wave of coronavirus is over. Even Professor Neil Ferguson — the Government adviser whose grim modelling spooked ministers into the first lockdown a year ago today — said the data showed 'the second devastating wave of the pandemic is behind us'.  Statisticians use the five-year average to estimate how many people would be expected to die in any given week, with anything above average considered as 'excess deaths'.  They had suggested deaths could dip below this level by Easter because the coronavirus outbreak was shrinking so quickly thanks to lockdown restrictions and the smooth vaccine roll-out. Experts also said deaths were front-loaded because so many elderly and vulnerable people fell victim to the disease last spring.  Covid deaths have also dropped by a third in the same time-frame, the figures showed, after 1,501 were registered last week compared to the 2,105 from the seven-day spell before.  And deaths among care home residents linked to the virus have halved in a fortnight, after 300 were recorded last week compared to the 636 two weeks before. The weekly figures are different to the Department of Health's, which publishes a daily Covid death toll. The ONS figures lag behind by about two weeks because they go through every death certificate to spot every suspected or confirmed coronavirus death.   There were fewer deaths from all causes including heart disease, dementia and Covid last week than the number expected based on the five-year average (blue line). This is the first time they have dropped below this level since August, and experts said it suggested the second wave is at an end Deaths from all causes dipped below the five-year average last week for the first time since August amid plummeting Covid infections and surging vaccination rates This graph also shows deaths dropping below the five-year average. There were 511 fewer fatalities than expected, marking a 4.4 per cent dip from the average ONS data also showed that deaths in care home residents from the virus had halved in two weeks, after 300 were recorded last year compared to 636 two weeks ago Deaths from all causes also dipped below the five-year average in every region except the East Midlands, in another sign the second wave has come to an end Prince Charles today called on Britain to 'remember the lives tragically cut short' by Covid-19 ahead of a national vigil this lunchtime as Boris Johnson marked the first anniversary of the first national lockdown in 2020 by vowing to end them 'once and for all'. The Prime Minister will hold a national minute's silence at midday to remember the 126,000 people who have died during the pandemic as around 10,000 families still grieve their loved-ones. And tonight Britons are being encouraged to stand on their doorsteps at 8pm and light candles as a 'beacon of remembrance' for those who have lost their lives. Prince Charles has lent his support to the day of national reflection being held on the anniversary of the first UK lockdown. In a recorded message, the heir to the throne, who is a patron of end-of-life charity Marie Curie, said: 'We have all been inspired by the resourcefulness we have witnessed, humbled by the dedication shown by so many, and moved, beyond words, by the sacrifices we have seen. 'Whatever our faith or philosophy may be, let us take a moment together to remember those who have been lost, to give thanks for their lives, and to acknowledge the inexpressible pain of parting. In their memory, let us resolve to work for a future inspired by our highest values, that have been displayed so clearly by the people of this country through this most challenging of times.' And in a message released last night, the Prime Minister also urged people to 'also remember the great spirit shown by our nation over this past year', as millions of NHS staff and other critical workers worked tirelessly through the pandemic. While tens of millions of people have worked from home and home-schooled their children during the greatest crisis the country has faced since the Second World War. ONS data showed there were 10,987 deaths from all causes in the week to March 12, which was below the five-year average of 11,498. This marked the first time deaths had dipped below this level since the week ending September 4 when 7,739 deaths were recorded, which was 1,443 fewer than the 9,182 expected at the time of year. Across England, all regions registered fewer deaths than expected except the East Midlands, which had 12 more fatalities than the 987 predicted. The South West had the biggest dip from the five-year average (8.4 per cent), followed by Yorkshire and the Humber (7.2 per cent) and the South East (7 per cent). Professor Ferguson, a top epidemiologist and No10 adviser at Imperial College London, said the figures were an encouraging sign that the UK had now passed the worst of the second wave.  'But calling epidemics “waves” can be misleading, in implying a phenomenon which has reached a natural end,' he said today. 'That is not the case here.  'The rapid decline in deaths we’ve thankfully seen is entirely because of the lockdown and the rapid roll-out of vaccines.  'So, while I’m optimistic that this we will be able to return to something more like normal in the next few months, we need to remain vigilant and cautious in the pace with which social distancing is relaxed – particularly given the threat still posed by new variants of the virus.' Professor Kevin McConway, a statistician at the Open University, said it was 'excellent' to see deaths had fallen below the five-year average.  He said: 'This fall in the total number of deaths is almost entirely because deaths involving Covid have fallen very considerably.'  'Some of this will be from the continuing effects of lockdown... but a considerable proportion of the fall in deaths involving Covid-19 must be because of vaccinations.' The ONS figures also showed deaths linked to the virus had dipped below 250 in every region last week.  The lowest levels were in the North East (66), followed by the South West (91) and Yorkshire and the Humber (139). There were also 1,957 deaths that involved flu and pneumonia in the week to March 12, but only 299 had this recorded as the underlying cause of death. For comparison, 1,197 Covid deaths had the virus marked as the underlying cause.  The number of deaths involving Covid is continuing to decrease. Experts say this is linked to both high vaccination rates and plummeting infection rates across the country, which are bringing the second wave to a swift end There were also 1,957 deaths that involved flu and pneumonia in the week to March 12, but only 299 had this recorded as the underlying cause of death. For comparison, 1,197 Covid deaths had the virus marked as the underlying cause. More Covid deaths have been recorded among those in older age groups, who studies show are at higher risk from the virus Data also shows over 75 per cent of deaths involving the virus have occurred in hospitals Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",1290,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261722,2021-03-23 07:40:00,Landlords And Operators: Now’s The Time To Check On Your HVAC,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesrealestatecouncil/2021/03/23/landlords-and-operators-nows-the-time-to-check-on-your-hvac/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty Rather than disrupt operations further with renovations, what owners and operators need to do instead is smarten their ongoing HVAC maintenance practices to keep their systems in optimal condition. However, because HVAC systems are such a fixture of office buildings, it’s easy for property teams to overlook regular maintenance. Beyond ensuring occupants’ health and safety, there’s a host of other, long-term benefits afforded by improving their HVAC maintenance management practices today, including: 1. More productive capital planning Beyond guiding maintenance efforts, a robust HVAC management strategy can lend itself to more strategic capital planning, which in turn makes HVAC upkeep more efficient. As it would seem, equipment never breaks down at a “convenient” time or when costs are cheap, meaning unexpected issues tend to be more expensive (not to mention suboptimal) when sourced at the last minute. Having a maintenance strategy can help property teams anticipate costs while they map out their annual budgets. This foreshadowing mitigates having to scramble for funds in the event of a breakdown throughout the year. A sound maintenance strategy also gives operators a clearer idea of how intensive their maintenance efforts need to be so that they don’t overspend on a total overhaul when all that is needed is a smaller repair. For example, the CDC recommends upgrading HVAC units to minimize the spread of Covid-19, but operators who have been performing regular upkeep can likely avoid this hefty expense. 2. Improved tenant satisfaction How To Improve HVAC Maintenance Practices 1. Leverage an HVAC management platform. Effective HVAC operation relies on property teams having detailed insights into their HVAC inventory, which they can house in an HVAC management platform. With ready access to equipment specifications and maintenance history, operators can more accurately determine HVAC life spans and, in turn, plan for future maintenance and replacements. Traditionally, this information isn’t shared or comprehensive enough (e.g., an engineer may be familiar with a unit’s make and model, while only the property manager has a record of service history and invoices), which is how maintenance lapses. Further, proper capital planning often requires property managers in offices to reconcile data from multiple sources (e.g., preventive maintenance software, HVAC vendor emails, written notes, etc.), which can create a headache of excessive manual work. With a platform that captures and communicates all this information across the workflow, property teams can better forecast maintenance needs and intervene before costly total unit upgrades or replacements become the only option. Additionally, with a clear idea of what maintenance is needed and when, owners and operators can regulate their teams’ activity by having employees perform routine maintenance instead of pulling individuals away from other responsibilities to respond whenever an issue crops up. Likewise, having a program that can centralize system data, such as records detailing make, model, service records and cleaning and filter change requirements, can keep operators updated with the health-critical information needed to put tenants at ease while virus concerns linger. 2. Keep your vendor options open. Those who proactively recognize a need to update their units may still find the cost to be inhibitive. That’s because project management teams often outsource replacements to vendors at a steep price to ensure the work gets done correctly, meaning the figure in managers’ heads for what they’ll need to spend may be much pricier than reality. Similarly, management teams are quick to reenlist vendors they’ve used before out of loyalty, but this can result in receiving services based on an outdated and inflated quote and potentially subpar quality. To assess vendors outside their usual roster, managers can use an online vendor network and compare multiple providers to ensure they lock in a competitive price for equipment and service and pick the best person for the job. 3. Don’t repair if it’s time to replace. Even with religious maintenance efforts, there will be a point in the HVACs’ life span when owners need to replace it altogether. Failing to recognize this and attempting to repair an irreparable issue or using a “Band-Aid” fix will only cost more in the long run — hence why it’s so important for owners to keep tabs on system life spans and requirements. This is more efficiently done when records and data are kept in one place and accessible to the whole property team. Rather than just offering luxurious amenities, today’s standout Class A properties are those that can assure tenants they have a firm grasp on fundamental systems like HVAC and will promote health and safety long after immediate threats subside. Not only will adopting tools to achieve this understanding improve tenant relationships, but it will also vastly increase internal operational efficiencies, streamlining workflows and empowering owners and operators to plan far more strategically. ",786,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886282888,2021-03-23 06:00:55,Letters to the Editor: Recall Newsom because he reopened California way too soon,https://www.latimes.com/opinion/story/2021-03-23/recall-newsom-because-he-reopened-california-way-too-soon,en,False,,6,LA Times,http://www.latimes.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886281455,2021-03-23 08:06:10,"Neck, neck, who's there? Cedric 'the ASBO swan' bangs on neighbours' doors",https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392679/Neck-neck-whos-Cedric-ASBO-swan-bangs-neighbours-doors.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 124 A swan has been plaguing a residential street by banging on doors and rattling letterboxes for up to three hours at a time. 'ASBO swan' Cedric rattles letterboxes on a row of houses opposite the lake where he lives in Northampton. Footage shows the rogue bird using its beak to grab at letterboxes as a passerby says: 'Oh my word, that poor family'. The antisocial bird appears to be trying to get the attention of the occupants of the houses in expectation of a treat.  'ASBO swan' Cedric rattles letterboxes on a row of houses opposite the lake where he lives on Selston Walk in Northampton It has been targeting the houses for the last five years but no one knows the real reason it pokes its beak inside.   Grandfather-of-four Stephen Legg, 70, who lives in one of the homes, has tried and failed to deter the antisocial visitor on numerous occasions. Mr Legg, a county councillor, said: 'At the side of our houses there's a small lake which was dug out 20 years ago for drainage. 'The swan has been there for seven or eight years with its mate. Around this time of year five years ago the male swan started messing around my front door. Grandfather-of-four Stephen Legg, 70, who lives in one of the homes, has tried and failed to deter the antisocial visitor on numerous occasions Locals have been confused by the bizarre behaviour which sees him noisily clanging the metal letterboxes 'It rattles the letterbox with its beak and stands in front of the glass. 'The RSPCA have been a few times and reckon it's trying to scrape insects off the glass, but there aren't any inside the letter box. 'He does it every year until the summer then doesn't bother for the rest of the year. It is a flipping nuisance. He starts by rattling the letter box then bashes the metal with its beak quite loudly. 'The racket reverberates through the whole house. It doesn't do any damage, but it's extremely irritating. 'Sometimes it does it for three hours at a time, other times only once or twice. It really is very loud because it flips the letter box up and down with its beak. 'I have been very careful not to feed it and certainly don't feed it through the letter box.' It has been targeting the houses for the last five years but no one knows the real reason it pokes its beak inside the letterboxes He said the bird couldn't possibly be hungry because it is constantly fed by walkers.  'Everyone who walks past the lake seems to give the swans something to eat,' he added. 'They must be the best-fed birds in England. The last thing it could be is hungry. 'It is impossible to work out what it's up to and it does it to other houses. But it certainly gives the postman and paper boy something to think about.' Nothing will stop the bird's obsession with letterboxes. Not even a swan-repellent ultrasonic noise. Mr Legg added: 'I did have a device that makes a swan-repellent ultrasonic noise, but it actually seemed to quite like it. 'He just nestled up to it, so it did no good at all and even might've encouraged him. It cost me thirty quid so it was a complete waste of money. 'I did try covering the whole door but I didn't get any post for a whole month. 'If it keeps on through the whole summer I will have to cover the door again and leave my conservatory window open for the postman. 'It is a bloody nuisance and very peculiar behaviour.' Retired nurse Wendy Howard, 63, who also lives nearby, captured the hilarious footage after seeing the swan on her daily walk  Mystery surrounds why the pesky bird keeps knocking on people's front doors but it is believed it could be territorial behaviour or he is looking for food. Retired nurse Wendy Howard, 63, who also lives nearby, captured the hilarious footage after seeing the swan on her daily walk. The married mother-of-two said: 'The swan has been been doing it almost every day recently and I still think it is pretty funny to see when walking past. 'But I'm glad it isn't my house because it is very noisy, it would depend on how early it started. 'It's like a postman opening the letterbox to drop the post through. It puts its beak through their letter boxes, raps the metal and carries on and on. 'The videos are only short but it keeps banging and banging on the door. 'It happened about the same time last year and I think they could be hungry in nesting season. 'At first I couldn't believe what was happening but I've got used to it now. Thousands of people have viewed the videos on social media now, it's gone crazy. I've had emails from New Zealand from people who have seen it. 'I never thought it would come to this after filming it on my six-year-old iPhone but anything light-hearted that brings a smile to people is a good thing at the moment.'  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",881,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261719,2021-03-23 07:44:02,Kremlin Won’t Disclose Which Covid-19 Vaccine Putin Will Receive Today,https://www.forbes.com/sites/siladityaray/2021/03/23/kremlin-wont-disclose-which-covid-19-vaccine-putin-will-receive-today/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"The Kremlin said it will not disclose the name of the Russian-made vaccine which President Vladimir Putin will receive later on Tuesday, as the Russian leader plans to deviate from the norm established by several other world leaders by choosing not to get inoculated in front of a camera. Russia's President Vladimir Putin will receive his first dose of a Covid-19 vaccine on Tuesday. Peskov confirmed that Putin will get vaccinated on Tuesday evening and would receive one of the three Russian made shots that have been approved for use in the country—Sputnik V, EpiVacCorona or CoviVac. Peskov also added that Putin did not like the idea of being vaccinated on camera, something several world leaders like U.S. President Joe Biden, U.K. Prime Minister Boris Johnson, India’s Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Israel’s Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu have done in an effort to increase public confidence in the vaccines. Full coverage and live updates on the Coronavirus ",158,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886279027,2021-03-23 07:40:00,Illinois City Becomes 1st In U.S. To Offer Black Residents Reparations,https://www.huffpost.com/entry/evanston-illinois-reparations_n_6059d21ec5b66a80f4eaa669,en,True,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"EVANSTON, Ill. (AP) — Evanston, Illinois, on Monday became the first U.S. city to make reparations available to its Black residents for past discrimination and the lingering effects of slavery. The Chicago suburb’s City Council voted 8-1 to distribute $400,000 to eligible Black households. Each qualifying household would receive $25,000 for home repairs or down payments on property. The program is being funded through donations and revenue from a 3% tax on the sale of recreational marijuana. The city has pledged to distribute $10 million over 10 years. Qualifying residents must either have lived in or been a direct descendant of a Black person who lived in Evanston between 1919 to 1969 and who suffered discrimination in housing because of city ordinances, policies or practices. Alderman Rue Simmons, who proposed the program that was adopted in 2019, said pro-reparations groups have offered pro-bono legal assistance if the program is challenged in court. “This is set aside for an injured community that happens to be Black, that was injured by the city of Evanston for anti-Black housing policies,” Simmons said. The City Council acted after dozens of citizens addressed the body and the plan received some pushback from several. Alderman Cicely Fleming, the lone vote against the plan, said she supports reparations, but what the City Council was debating is a housing plan that is being called reparations. She said the people should dictate the terms of how their grievances are repaired. Fleming described the program as paternalistic, and it assumes Black people can’t manage their own money. ",258,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886281451,2021-03-23 08:06:11,Calls for owner to face fine as heartbroken animal lovers mourn death of Freddie the seal,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392831/Calls-owner-face-fine-heartbroken-animal-lovers-mourn-death-Freddie-seal.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 3.7k Email rory.tingle@mailonline.co.uk or phone 020 3615 3874  The Met Police today confirmed it was looking to speak to the owner of an out-of-control dog that killed a beloved Thames seal amid calls for them to be fined.  The force told MailOnline officers are investigating the death and 'looking to identify witnesses and to speak to the owner of the dog involved' amid warnings that attacks from unleashed pets are on the rise during lockdown.  The owner of a dog that chases or attacks farm animals can be fined up to £1,000, or £2,500 if the offence was deliberate, while farmers are allowed to shoot pets attacking their flock. Similar fines apply to attacks on wild animals, although hunting-related offences see higher penalties of £5,000.  Distressing pictures showed the young pup being mauled by a brown cross-breed at around 12.45pm on Sunday. Onlookers including a passing vet rushed over to release the dog's clamped jaws, but Freddie later had to be put down after suffering horrendous injuries.  A woman, who had a lead attached to a belt, was later seen with what appeared to be the same dog in her arms while taking it away from the slipway by Hammersmith Bridge in south-west London. It is not known if she is the pet's owner. Farmers, police and conservationists have reported an increase in dog attacks on wild animals and livestock, with the trade association for British sheep farming today blaming an increase in inexperienced owners who have bought puppies during lockdown. Recent attacks that have been pictured include a husky which was shot to death after a 'killing rampage' in the Cotswolds and pregnant ewes being ravaged in fields about Flushing in Cornwall. Meanwhile, earlier this year a dog owner was fined £500 after their Irish setter puppy mauled a deer in Richmond Park.  Well-wishers today took to Twitter to share their tributes and of the Hammersmith seal, nicknamed Freddie Mercury for his crowd-pleasing antics, with Paul Brown writing: 'RIP young fella'. Josh Fraser tweeted: 'RIP #freddietheseal people who own dogs that attack people/wildlife should be banned from owning pets for life, first a dear in Richmond park, now a poor seal in Hammersmith, when will it stop? When a child dies? Will they just fine the owner and move on? This needs to be fixed.' Craig Oliver, David Cameron's former director of communications, wrote: 'So sad to hear that the beautiful seal that took up residence near Hammersmith Bridge had to be put down after being savaged by a dog. There were signs up asking dog walkers to keep them on leads.'    Freddie Mercury, a seal who has been living near Hammersmith Bridge, in west London, was left with severe injuries after a dog off its lead attacked the young pup. The pup was later put down. A woman, (right) who had a lead attached to a belt, was later seen with what appeared to be the same dog in her arms while taking it away from the slipway by Hammersmith Bridge The woman holding what appeared to be the same dog in her arms after the incident. It is not known if the woman is the pet's owner The animal (pictured with an injured flipper following the mauling, has also been seen upstream by Teddington and Richmond  The Met told MailOnline: 'Police are investigating the death of a seal after it was injured by a dog on the River Thames near Hammersmith Bridge. 'Officers attended the location at approximately 12:39 hours on Sunday 21 March along with colleagues from the London Fire Brigade. 'They recovered the young pup from the river bank and it was taken to a rescue centre for treatment, but had to be put down later, due to injuries sustained in the incident. Officers are looking to identify witnesses and to speak to the owner of the dog involved. Enquiries continue.'   Today, Freddie's death prompted widespread calls for dog owners to keep their animals on leads if they cannot be controlled - as others called for the one responsible for the seal attack to be prosecuted.  Julia Llewellyn Smith wrote: 'Goodbye to Freddie Mercury, our beloved Hammersmith Bridge mascot. Savaged by a dog the irresponsible owner had not put on its lead. ' Josh Luke Davis wrote 'keep your dogs on their leads', while another Twitter user added: 'The owner should be found and prosecuted'.  Email: rory.tingle@mailonline.co.uk  Phil Stocker, chief executive of the National Sheep Association, said the tragedy highlighted a serious problem in the countryside, where he says inexperienced dog owners who bought their pets during lockdown are driving an increase in attacks, particularly during the current lambing season.  He told MailOnline: 'It seems like there has been an increase in the numbers of attacks and the severity of those attacks as well.  'The main reason is that during lockdown a lot more people have been using the open farmed countryside for their exercise than previously, because a lot more of the organised venues are closed. They are not used to coming across livestock.  'There has been an expansion in dog ownership. I'm worried that we've not seen the worst of it as a lot of these dogs have not come to maturity and maybe others will get fed up of them. A lot of these people get dogs without any real knowledge of how to look after them.'  The RSPCA said it does not usually deal with cases where animals are attacked by dogs.  A spokesman said today: 'What happened to Freddie the seal is heartbreaking. Dog-owners should act responsibly and keep their pets on leads around wild animals to ensure incidents like this are prevented - it is never ok to allow dogs to harass and attack a wild animal. 'We understand how upsetting this incident was for anyone who witnessed it and we hope we can spread the message encouraging dog-owners to keep their dog on a lead if wildlife is around.'   Data from Dogs Trust shows 'buy a puppy' Google searches have rocketed by 115 per cent since the start of the first lockdown a year ago, while Pets4Homes recorded a 51 per cent increase in the demand for puppies since the beginning of the pandemic.  However, a recent survey of dog owners commissioned by insurers NFU Mutual in January 2021 revealed that 64 per cent of dog owners are letting their pets roam free in the countryside, despite half of owners surveyed admitting their dog doesn't always come back when called.  There has been a large spike in attacks on deer in London's Royal Parks, with four stags and does killed in attacks since March 2020. There have been 83 incidents of dogs chasing the herds - a big increase on previous years - according to the manager of Richmond Park.  In January, a £200,000-a-year marketing executive was fined £600 after his Irish setter mauled a deer to death in Richmond Park.  Franck Hiribarne, 44, told magistrates he was training his young puppy in the south-west London park in October last year when the pet started chasing a deer. The frightened deer ran into the road where it was hit by a car before being mauled by the Irish setter. It was later put to death.  A Royal Parks spokesman, said: 'We urge visitors to exercise particular caution when walking their dogs in Bushy and Richmond Parks, two deer parks that are home to over a 1,000 free-roaming deer. 'Unfortunately, since March 2020 there have been 83 incidents recorded of dogs chasing deer in these parks and four deer have died as a result. Only recently a 10-year-old boy was injured after an out-of-control dog caused a deer stampede in Bushy Park.  'It's illegal for a dog to chase a deer in the Royal Parks and owners may face prosecution if caught. Puppies and new dogs should be kept on a lead at all times until they are fully trained, and the owner is fully aware of their temperament.'  Last week, a 61-year-old woman from Hampshire was ordered to pay a farmer £500 after her dog killed a sheep at West Tisted Manor Estate near Ropley.  Police officers from Hampshire Constabulary's Country Watch team warned all dog walkers to 'keep dogs on leads in rural areas or face possible prosecution'.      Cases of dogs attacking humans are also on the rise in some areas, with nearly 800 incidents reported to West Midlands Police in 2020, the highest for at least three years. Two toddlers were attacked by a dog in Saltley, Birmingham, on February 8, reported Birmingham Live. A 25-year-old woman also tragically died after a dog attack in Kitts Green on February 5 2021. Well-wishers today took to Twitter to share their tributes to Freddie, including Craig Oliver, David Cameron's former director of communications   Today there were widespread calls for dog owners to keep their animals on leads if they cannot be controlled - as others called for the one responsible for the seal attack to be prosecuted Witnesses described Sunday's attack as 'savage' and said the dog would not let go despite repeated attempts by passers-by Four onlookers, including a vet, repeatedly tried to pry the dog's jaw off the young seal but it refused, leaving severe wounds. A woman was seen with a lead around her belt  The onlookers who had stopped to help held the seal in place until the emergency services could get there. Young Freddie was left with severe wounds and had to be taken to South Essex Wildlife Hospital with the help of the London Fire Brigade Witnesses including photographer Duncan Phillips tried to pull the dog off the seal during Sunday's incident but could not intervene early enough to save the animal.   The 55-year-old, who was shooting images of the seal when it was attacked on the slipway, told MyLondon: 'It was quite a vicious attack. The dog just wouldn't let go. 'It wouldn't let go despite repeated attempts by members of the public to separate the animals.' The British Divers Marine Life Rescue (BDMLR) sent medics to treat its severe wounds before taking it to the South Essex Wildlife Hospital (SEWH) in Tilbury by boat with help from the Port of London Authority and London Fire Brigade.  But vets said in an update on Monday: 'Ourselves and the experts at British divers marine life rescue have consulted several specialist marine and orthopedic vets and as we strongly suspected having taken X-rays this morning the prognosis is extremely poor.  'Freddie's flipper is fractured and the joint dislocated. Seals do not take anaesthetic well as they have a dive reflex and don't breathe.  'We suspect the infection is spreading and with the other bite wounds to his body he is very miserable. At this stage we believe the only ethical and fair option we have is to end his suffering.'  The BDMLR said in a statement: 'Unfortunately, after an X-ray this afternoon, our worst fears were confirmed, and the seal not only sustained a broken bone, but also a dislocation, damage to his joint, ligaments and nerves that made it impossible to treat and return him to the wild. 'We contacted a number of marine mammal veterinarians in the UK and the Netherlands, including an orthopaedic surgeon, and sadly based on their experiences the decision is that he needed to be euthanised for his welfare.  'We would be unable to release a seal back into the wild with one flipper, if amputation was an option, as we have a firm policy on not putting animals into captivity, and the seal's welfare must be put first and foremost.'  Recent attacks that have been pictured include a husky which was shot to death after a 'killing rampage' in the Cotswolds Gloucestershire Constabulary's rural crime team apologised for sharing the graphic images but said it was necessary to educate the public  A sheep savaged in South Yorkshire earlier this year. PC Elizabeth Wilson, a rural crime officer, said: 'Over the recent months, we have seen an increase in incidents where sheep have either been injured or killed by dogs off the lead when walking through fields' Pregnant ewes being ravaged in fields about Flushing in Cornwall during a dog attack earlier this month. Similar attacks have been happening for generations but farmers say they have recently become more frequent  A businessman has been fined £600 after his dog attacked a Richmond Park deer (pictured) which eventually had to be put down due to injuries after it was hit by a car trying to escape Damon Arnette threatens to kill someone while brandishing gun Howard Stern rips Aaron Rodgers over misleading vaccination comments Hunter seen shockingly kicking horse during Hertfordshire hunt Surveillance footage of two gunmen before killing at Mexico hotel Not guilty verdict after two pit bulls mauled elderly woman to death Owner screams of fright as dog throws squirrel at her Little House on the Prarie star talks upcoming book about the show Travis Scott tells crowd to 'f**k up' fan who 'tried to steal shoe' Two-toed baby sloth surprises zookeepers with speedy birth AOC tells activists to 'stay in the streets' at climate summit Driver rescues kitten stuck in car engine during commute to work Miya Ponsetto AKA Soho Karen appears in court charged with hate crime Alan Knight OBE, the organisation's CEO, said: 'Freddie was a wild seal and after the ferocious attack on Sunday he suffered a serious broken and dislocated flipper. We contacted one of the UK's leading orthopaedic surgeons, and he said that unfortunately the only option was to euthanise the seal.'  The vet who helped in the incident was reportedly bitten three times by the scared seal while trying to rescue him and a male cyclist who also stopped to help was 'headbutted' by the seal as they tried to hold him in place until he could get treatment.  A charity spokesman said in the wake of the attack: 'At around 12.45pm today, on Sunday 21st March, a young resident common seal, in the Hammersmith area of the River Thames, was attacked by a dog leaving it with severe wounds and needing urgent vet treatment. 'The out of control dog was recalled by the owner who then left the scene, but thankfully a quick thinking passer who saw the attack was able to catch the seal and hold onto it so help could be found. 'Our rescue hotline coordinator called out local Thames BDMLR medics and with the assistance of a local vet, we were able to source a cage and contain the seal safely.' Freddie had originally been rescued as a new-born last year in the Netherlands but he was rescued again in France and now twice in the UK   A warning piece of paper tied to a traffic cone at his favourite sunbathing hotspot reads: 'Stop! My name is Freddie Mercury. I have been rescued multiple times but I would like to stay here. 'I am healthy - but was almost attacked by a dog yesterday. It scared me. Please no dogs or people beyond top of ramp.' Animal lovers who were appalled by the attack have taken to social media to criticise the dog's owner. One has said: 'I hope this owner is dragged into court. Sick to death of seeing these horrendous attacks. Stop making excuses for these dogs and irresponsible owners. Thankful for those who helped.' The veterinary team move injured Freddie from the dog cage to a more suitable carrier before he is transported to hospital The British Divers Marine Life Rescue sent medics before taking it to the South Essex Wildlife Hospital in Tilbury by boat Damon Arnette threatens to kill someone while brandishing gun Howard Stern rips Aaron Rodgers over misleading vaccination comments Hunter seen shockingly kicking horse during Hertfordshire hunt Surveillance footage of two gunmen before killing at Mexico hotel Not guilty verdict after two pit bulls mauled elderly woman to death Owner screams of fright as dog throws squirrel at her Little House on the Prarie star talks upcoming book about the show Travis Scott tells crowd to 'f**k up' fan who 'tried to steal shoe' Two-toed baby sloth surprises zookeepers with speedy birth AOC tells activists to 'stay in the streets' at climate summit Driver rescues kitten stuck in car engine during commute to work Miya Ponsetto AKA Soho Karen appears in court charged with hate crime Another added: 'It's the fault of the dog owners that have no control over their animals. Unfortunately It's in most dogs nature to give chase, as most think it's a great game until gets out of hand. 'Farmers have the right to shoot dogs worrying sheep or other livestock on their land. 'I've seen so many dogs go after horses which is not only dangerous to horse and rider but dog could have it's brains kicked out. 'Again it's irresponsible owners who either cant be bothered or too lazy to train their dogs.' One man said: 'The owner needs to be brought before the courts and fined. Then made to pay for Freddies veterinary bills and rehabilitation.'  Others suggested the owner should make a contribution to the South Essex Wildlife Hospital's charity to help cover the cost of the treatment. One said: 'I hope Freddie makes a quick and full recovery. If you cant trust your dog or it has no recall keep it on a leash. 'I really hope the owner makes a contribution towards Freddie's treatment and keeps her dog firmly on its lead in future.' The Met Police said: 'Police were called at approximately 12.39pm on Sunday, 21 March to reports of a seal in distress on the banks of the River Thames near Hammersmith Bridge. 'Officers attended along with the London Fire Brigade. They recovered the animal which was taken to an animal rescue centre for treatment. The RSPCA has been informed.'  Seal sightings in the Thames are becoming increasingly common, thanks in part to increasing water quality. The London Zoo's Thames Marine Mammal Survey has reported 117 sightings of seals in or by the river this year. Freddie was carefully manoeuvred into a dog cage until help arrived and they could take him away in a more suitable carrier Freddie, who was first rescued as a new-born in the Netherlands last year, was left with a nasty wound on his right flippe A wounded Freddie Mercury awaits treatment and transport to the veterinary hospital after being attacked by a dog Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",3086,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261714,2021-03-23 07:50:00,Three Tips For Raising Your Rates With Integrity,https://www.forbes.com/sites/ellevate/2021/03/23/three-tips-for-raising-your-rates-with-integrity/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Three Tips For Raising Your Rates With Integrity By: Sami Wunder Back in 2015, I made the difficult decision to give up a promising career in economics to follow my dream of becoming a certified relationship coach, much to the surprise of my traditional Indian family. As a first-time entrepreneur, I grappled with the age old questions: Back then, I tackled this paralyzing conundrum by deciding to move my attention away from pricing for a few months and only focusing on fine-tuning my process to help my clients get results. I made it my mission to serve fifteen women in their love lives and help them attract their soulmate. To be able to do this, I charged just $25 per hour. It was clear to me that I had to raise my prices, and so I did. It was a gradual process, though. In the middle of it, I battled guilt around not being able to help people who couldn't afford my rates and self-doubt around, ""Who am I to charge this?"" And yet the truth was that my clients were getting the results they wanted and were happy to pay me well for my time. Today, six years into running my company, my clients pay anywhere between $2000 to $2800 per hour to work with me and no, charging well for my time and expertise hasn't made me redundant in the market as my fears would have had me believe. If you’re good at what you do, there will be plenty of people willing to pay you for the experience, knowledge, and expertise to help them solve their challenges. Despite raising my prices, my business continues to grow year on year. I also still get to serve the masses through my downloadable online programs that cost less than $40. In this way, I am able to serve a broad spectrum of clients without burning out. Here are my top three ways to raise your rates with integrity. You can’t expect somebody to pay for your services if they do not deliver value. Your aim at the start should not be to make money, but to get feedback from your customers so you can better yourself and your offerings. Fine-tuning your process means you’ll be able to offer the best of the best. If you’re not getting results or transformations, you can’t sell your products at a premium. They absolutely need to be worth their price tag. It is a nightmare to charge tons of money and then not be able to help people. Hence, at the start, focus on gathering experience and really helping people, even if you charge low to start with. In order to be able to sell your services or products well, it’s really important that you believe in their value. If you don’t believe in their value, nobody else will. Your services or products positively change the lives of the people you sell them to, so keep that in mind - it’ll give you the confidence you need to raise your prices with integrity. Having offers across a range of price points enables customers from all financial backgrounds to be able to purchase something from you which is of value, regardless of their budget. Remember, only you have the agency to be able to change your rates. Start today by giving yourself permission to feel worthy of charging what you truly think your service or product is worth. You deserve to make good money while helping the world. — ",583,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261710,2021-03-23 07:50:00,Five Ways To Get Started With Buyer Enablement,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinesscouncil/2021/03/23/five-ways-to-get-started-with-buyer-enablement/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty At a high level, think of the most recent time you went shopping. How was the experience? Were your purchasing needs met? Did you share your experience with others? While business-to-consumer (B2C) is a different beast than business-to-business (B2B), the same general idea applies: You want to help your customers, provide value and ensure it’s easy for them to make a purchase. Cue buyer enablement to facilitate the process. Here’s how to get started: 1. Understand the problem. Understanding the problem is twofold: First, the term “buyer enablement” was coined because the process of B2B buying has become increasingly challenging in recent years; second, your prospect or client has a problem that you need to uncover. • The B2B industry problem: Buyer enablement came about in response to changing business landscapes. Today, there isn’t just one buyer or a single decision-maker; there are multiple members on a buying team. And perhaps equally challenging is that there is so much data and research to sift through that they’re all suffering from information overload. It’s overwhelming and can impede the decision-making process for many buying teams.  • Your B2B client’s problem: You also need to understand your buyer’s problem. What issue do they need to solve? What’s their motivation? You need to have a solid grasp of the problem before you can offer any solution.  2. Identify your buyers. These days, many buying teams are made up of six to 10 people or more. It’s important to understand all the players involved and each person’s role in the buying group, as well as what’s important to them. After all, there needs to be a consensus within the buying team for any purchase to be made. Whether you have one contact or a few, provide shareable information that speaks to addressing the problem the organization is trying to solve. Have your contact (or contacts) act as your representative within the buying team and share important information with other key stakeholders. This is a great way to facilitate buyer enablement, particularly when joining a meeting yourself is a glimpse on the horizon.  3. Ease buyer burdens. Buyers are responsible for many jobs, including establishing purchase requirements, exploring solutions and selecting suppliers. They have to make sure a purchasing choice is valid and get buy-in from everyone involved in the purchasing process. It’s a daunting task.  Differentiate yourself from other vendors by listening to your prospects and making their lives easier. Promptly provide relevant, useful and credible information they can easily distribute among other team members and use to complete their task with confidence.  Additionally, be available when they’re ready to chat. Leverage all channels of communication, and make it easy for buyers to communicate with you. For example, consider closing emails with a few single-click calendar slots and offering several days and times you’re available for a meeting, followed by a link to your calendar where they can view more dates. 4. Get sales and marketing in sync. Congruence between sales and marketing is a key component of successful buyer enablement. To create materials that resonate and provide value to buyers, it’s critical for marketers to grasp the buying process and what buyers need to aid their purchasing decision. The sales team should be communicating what type of collateral would work well to facilitate buyer enablement.  5. Create more buyer-enablement content. Sure, there’s a time and a place for clever marketing copy, lead-generating content and nurturing campaigns. But buyer-enablement content is about how you can pull more potential buyers in with valuable content that helps them get closer to solving their problems. Here are a few examples: • Checklists. • Calculators. • White papers. • Simulators. • Videos. • Diagnostic tools. • Recommendation tools. To illustrate this further, you can look at companies such as HubSpot. In the ""Free Tools"" section on the marketing, sales and service company's website, you'd find various resources that can help solve a customer's problem, such as a blog-idea generator or a website-grading tool. Along the same lines, Rayovac, which markets hearing-aid batteries to medical practices, offers a benchmark calculator. By entering certain data points, interested buyers are able to see the estimated income they could generate from purchasing a product. The Takeaway While the B2B buying and selling process looks different every time, one thing’s clear: Buyers are rewarding sellers who embrace the role of adviser and support specialist.  Your customers want help making a decision. Give them a hassle-free experience, and provide valuable, timely and relevant information to help them solve their problem. The easier experience they have, the more inclined they’ll be to work with you. ",772,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886273421,2021-03-23 05:23:37,Dan Wolken Tries To Dunk On Alabama Coach Nate Oats Over His Mask With Stupid Tweet,https://dailycaller.com/2021/03/23/dan-wolken-alabama-maryland-mask-tweet-nate-oats/,en,False,,18775,Daily Caller,http://dailycaller.com,"(Photo by Sarah Stier/Getty Images) Dan Wolken was back to his usual tricks Monday night when Alabama beat Maryland in the Round of 32. Nice start for Maryland here. They’ve been focused at getting to the rim and have gotten some quality looks. Nate Oats, who has basically decided his mask is more effective as a chin strap, has the intensity going early. In case you were wondering my thoughts on the situation as soon as I saw the tweet, my response below should eliminate any doubts you might have had. You might be the most miserable person on Twitter. They do realize players don’t wear masks on the court or in the locker rooms, right? Yet, they’re taking shots at coaches for not properly wearing them on the bench. At some point, common sense has to win out. Not saying this is a causal relationship, but: the three coaches who seemed the least interested in wearing their masks this season were Brad Underwood, Bob Huggins and Chris Beard. Gone, gone, gone. Dan, go try to cancel football somewhere else. The rest of us are celebrating the Big 10 deciding to play games. Dude, it’s truly incredible miserable you are. Crack a beer and chill the hell out. Life is good. Life is good, folks. Don’t let these clowns on Twitter convince you otherwise. The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006 ",240,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261703,2021-03-23 07:50:00,Outsourcing Is Dead—Long Live Outsourcing,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbestechcouncil/2021/03/23/outsourcing-is-dead-long-live-outsourcing/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty The world without outsourcing is hard to imagine today. Modern outsourcing has been a hot trend since the 1980s. The main purpose of outsourcing used to be the reduction of costs, concentration in core competence and achievement of better overall efficiency. Let's note the main result of this pre-outsourcing—the specialization or achieving excellence in a particular craft. Simultaneously, as usual, people looked for efficiency to beat the competition, and the specialization constantly deepened, primarily to save on training costs. During those first years, however, outsourcing companies and the huge pool of their workers gained best-in-class expertise and various vertical experience. They became not simple, low-cost labor but the most knowledgeable and innovative powerhouses in many technology areas. Specialized expertise offered by providers has steadily replaced cost reduction as one of the most important factors for outsourcing. (Remember the ancient achieving of excellence in a particular craft? The history wheel turned around another time!) Additionally, outsourcing providers developed and adopted new service models like shared services, dedicated development, remote in-sourcing, multisourcing and offshore dedicated teams, and it started to offer new innovative business models that included risk-sharing and output-based—and even outcome-based—compensation. An additional key benefit today is that world-class talents can be found and engaged in a shorter time, guaranteeing companies a much better chance of success, with providers capable of effectively managing those distributed teams. Plus, AI-based automation takes on a significant workload and becomes an increasingly valuable asset. The phenomenon of outsourcing appeared as a response to a need for cost reduction. Over time, outsourced labor gained knowledge and skills from the developed companies who outsource. After 30 years of the industry's development, we are facing a situation in which outsourcers have become full-fledged specialists in their areas of expertise. Nowadays, we observe the second wave of outsourcing—its reincarnation. It is still cost-efficient to outsource even though the cost benefit has shrunk compared to the first wave. The incremental benefit of the second wave is the knowledge wealth, in which the company that outsources also gains quality expertise from a wide pool of professionals. At the end of the day, we have gotten better efficiency of professional services for less money. The key benefit of outsourcing is evolving from cost-cutting to process and labor optimization. It will continue to be one of the most important components of business strategy for decades to come. In future articles, we'll investigate how technology advances from the invention of the internet to robotic automation to AI make outsourcing even more valuable. Long live outsourcing! ",423,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886273415,2021-03-23 05:32:54,REPORT: The NBA Wants The League’s New TV Package To Be For $75 Billion,https://dailycaller.com/2021/03/23/report-nba-tv-deals-75-billion-seeking/,en,False,,18775,Daily Caller,http://dailycaller.com,"(Photo by Harry How/Getty Images) The NBA reportedly wants a shocking amount of money for the league’s new TV package.     A post shared by NBA (@nba) Now, the NBA wants a taste of that kind of money.     A post shared by NBA (@nba) I hate to be the bearer of bad news for the NBA, but there’s zero shot the league’s games are worth $75 billion on TV. The ratings were so bad that it was humiliating for the league. People threw in the towel and didn’t care. Now, we’re supposed to all of a sudden believe the new TV package is worth $75 billion. Yeah, I’m not buying that at all. When you go ultra-political, people turn the games off. It’s just the reality of the situation, and I see no situation unfolding where the NBA’s televised games are worth three quarters of what the NFL got. The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006 ",168,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886268205,2021-03-23 06:18:00,"Outside the Box: As Merkel exits the political stage, who will speak for a united Europe?",http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?guid=%7B21005575-02D4-D4B5-4572-D32B7B798AFB%7D&siteid=rss&rss=1,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,"With Merkel exiting the stage, who will fill her shoes? Here are the chief contenders: There are other candidates such as Olaf Scholz, leader of the Social Democratic Party, who are vying for the chancellorship. But the CDU-CSU candidate is expected to win the office. Yet whomever becomes the next chancellor will not be able to fill the void of Merkel –– at least not in the short run. Merkel’s elevated stature on the world stage made her Europe’s singular and most important leader. The leaders of several European Union institutions may try to fill Merkel’s void. These include Charles Michel, president of the European Council; Ursula von der Leyen, president of the European Commission; David Sassoli, president of the European Parliament; or even Christine Lagarde, president of the European Central Bank. All of these individuals are institutionalists who can surely articulate the values and priorities of the EU. But none can claim the same sweeping electoral mandate as the leader of a large sovereign country such as France, Germany, or even Italy. The jury at Kyle Rittenhouse's murder trial Tuesday watched drone video that showed Rittenhouse wheeling around and shooting Joseph Rosenbaum at close range during a night of turbulent protests on the streets of Kenosha. ",202,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261696,2021-03-23 07:52:23,The Vatican Museum’s First Female Director Is Drawing In A New Audience Through Innovation,https://www.forbes.com/sites/valentinadidonato/2021/03/23/the-vatican-museums-first-female-director-is-drawing-in-a-new-audience-through-innovation/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Barbara Jatta, Director of the Vatican Museum From the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel, visitors from around the globe have traveled far and wide to catch a glimpse of the Creation of Adam. The famed fresco by Michelangelo depicts contact between the hands of the Creator and those of Adam—a Vatican commission to emulate how the breath of life, according to the Catholic faith, began. But now, Adam and his Creator are met with an unfamiliar sight: Emptiness. The gallery, usually teeming with visitors to gawk at in reverence, is now practically void of the buzz of visitors due to Italy’s latest coronavirus confinement. To see the normally crowded Vatican Museum nearly empty is a rarity afforded to few, but in the Covid-19 era, it can be this way for you too. Barbara Jatta, Director of the Vatican Museum since December 2016, the first female to hold the position, has led many incredible initiatives and restorations. The unearthing of two Raphael paintings, the digitalization of the Vatican library, the illumination system in the Raphael rooms, repainting of the Belvedere Palace with milk to name a few. But one of her latest projects began during the Covid-19 lockdown period, with the creation of digital Vatican tours, allowing people around the world to tour the Vatican Museum from the confines of our homes. “Incredibly, we had a peak of visitors on our social channels during the lockdown on our website and also on our YouTube and Instagram channels.”  The Vatican Museum website was overhauled during this last year, allowing it to become an infinitely richer source. “We worked hard to update the website and the online catalog with more specific descriptions of the works. The lockdown allowed for this. These updates will allow people to go deep and prepare for a visit to our museum.”  According to Vatican News, Jatta was a participant in the Italian virtual conference “More Museum,” which was created to give international directors and other experts of the arts a chance to discuss how museums will adjust to the current pandemic we are living through, how to best achieve the expected post Covid museum renaissance, and what new modes will be explored for showcasing art collections during a time in which experiencing art in a physical space has to be reinterpreted. The conference emphasized that using innovative platforms and technologies was the focus on how to achieve this.  Italy, the first western country to be hit hard by the Covid-19 virus, had a three-month lockdown during the peak of the pandemic last spring. A historic period that forced museums across the country to shut down. But it was also a period that allowed people who had never been to the Vatican Museum before, to get a glimpse of what it's like through virtual tours. This summer, when Italy finally reopened, the newly inspired audience entered the physical museum, many for the first time, “we had a reduced ticket and I saw a different audience here. Many young people wanted to come and see the museum of their city but also young people from outside. This is great because you plant a seed in the young generation,” said Jatta on the next generation of curious visitors that were entering the Vatican more than ever before. The typical demographic that visits the museum is composed of older tourists.  Barbara Jatta, Director of the Vatican Museum The fascinating and mysterious Vatican Museum represents the fulcrum of the Holy See's cultural and touristic identity which, in pre-Covid times, brings 6 million visitors a year, making it the 3rd most visited museum in the world. The walls of the museum stretch out to over seven kilometers worth of art, which include the Sistine Chapel, Raphael Rooms, and hundreds of masterpieces by artists like Leonardo Da Vinci, Raphael, and Giotto. Nearly nine hundred people are employed to maintain and upkeep the works, under the guidance of Director Barbara Jatta. “No virtual visit can substitute the physical tour, but the virtual tour helps to go deeper to help know the collections better,” said Jatta. She explained that the Vatican Museum will be working on digitalizing the archives that are not on display, allowing for a general archive portal of the museum’s historic photo archive to be viewed by many more people than was previously possible.  During the lockdown period, the museum was not buzzing with its usual tourists, but instead, the halls roamed with restorers, and experts dedicated to working on restorations. “In December, the pope had to cancel a series of events and baptisms that take place in the Sistine Chapel, so we used that time to have restorations done during normal working hours. Usually, we do the work after hours which is very expensive to pay restorers, especially during these times,” said Jatta. There certainly is a silver lining during this period in terms of restoration and maintenance of museums across the world. “Editorial work never stopped; all departmental research activity, restoration activities, construction sites and laboratories are up and running.”  Jatta confirms that everyone who works in the Vatican has been vaccinated, “We work with much more serenity. We like this, so we can welcome people safely once again.”  In pre Covid times, the painstaking process of cleaning the Sistine Chapel, which is an annual task, takes an entire month after the tourists are gone, from 5:30 p.m. to midnight, a team from the Vatican comes into the Sistine Chapel to clean the frescoed walls and ceilings, checking for damage and report on the health of some of the world's most treasured art.  “The Sistine Chapel is very clean now,” said Jatta.  Francesca Persegati, the Vatican Museum’s Chief Restorer for paintings has said that one of the main problems of the Sistine Chapel is humidity which is mostly caused by the flow of 25,000 visitors a day. “Our bodies are made mostly of water so when we visit the Sistine Chapel, we bring in humidity and heat, everyone heats the environment like an 80-watt bulb,” said Persegati.  In a sense, Jatta revealed that she, like many other international museum directors, have taken this rare moment, which has forced exhibitions and events to be suspended, into an opportunity, “to focus on the collections, on the maintenance of exhibition spaces and deposits, on the catalog, on research and publications"" to take this rare time to share the Vatican Museum’s extensive works digitally and educate new audiences in preparation for the grand reopening to the public once again. ",1094,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886273408,2021-03-23 05:41:48,Man Gets Massive Oral Roberts Tattoo On His Butt After Florida Loses To The Golden Eagles,https://dailycaller.com/2021/03/23/kyle-kirms-oral-roberts-tattoo-photos-florida/,en,False,,18775,Daily Caller,http://dailycaller.com,"(Photo by Maddie Meyer/Getty Images) One man had to get a gigantic Oral Roberts tattoo following the Golden Eagles punching a ticket to the Sweet 16. If they did, he promised to get an Oral Roberts tattoo. No… Oral Roberts is not gonna beat Florida today. Thats a response to all the DMs I have asking. NO SHOT. If that happens mark my words I’ll get an Oral Roberts tattoo… trust me I am safe here. Zero chance. Well, as we all know, Oral Roberts pulled off the monster upset over the Gators, punched a ticket to the Sweet 16 and Kirms followed through as a man of his word. Take a look at the gigantic tattoo he got at the top of his butt below. I guess I just have to give props to this guy for not backing down. I would have backed down so fast that your head would spin. That tattoo is on him forever, and it’s all because he popped off on Twitter. I’m not saying not backing down was smart, but I at least respect it. The most embarrassing part was the tattoo artist asking me where Oral Roberts University is located… and I had to tell her I didn’t know as she was tattooing it to my ass. It really put an exclamation point on the stupidity ???????? Imagine getting into bed with a woman and having to explain why you have an Oral Roberts tattoo on your butt. The conversation that follows must be epic. I’m trying to cap today’s games and get ready to shoot today’s episode but all I can think about is how I have to get a goddamn oral roberts tattoo Let us know in the comments what you think of Kirms’ decision. The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006 ",311,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886261692,2021-03-23 07:55:22,How To Name (and Pronounce) An Icelandic Volcano,https://www.forbes.com/sites/davidbressan/2021/03/23/how-to-name-and-pronounce-a-new-icelandic-volcano/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Thousands of curious onlookers have flocked to an erupting volcano in Iceland to marvel at the hypnotic display of glowing red lava, the bravest of them grilling hot dogs and marshmallows over the smoldering embers. The most recent volcanic eruption was named in the first days after Mount Fagradalsfjall, a preexisting, older volcano. But the eruption is fed by a magma tube not connected with Fagradalsfjall. Based on the magma reservoir's size, most scientists believe that the eruption will last several weeks or months, forming a new volcanic edifice over time. The people in the closest town to the new volcano, the town of Grindavík, located just six miles north-east of the eruption, voted from an array of suggestions to name the new volcano. ",125,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886268196,2021-03-23 06:19:00,"Need to Know: Here are 5 post-pandemic moves investors should make now, says Wells Fargo",http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?guid=%7B21005575-02D4-D4B5-4572-D32BD7FDB823%7D&siteid=rss&rss=1,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,"Wall Street is giving back some of Monday’s gains as appetite for risk fades ahead of the first joint appearance by Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell and Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen on Capitol Hill, where they’ll discuss pandemic policies. She’s big on rebalancing and diversifying quarterly.  In a note to clients, she outpoints this chart which shows how one of their portfolios that did those two things fared relative to individual assets classes, and how market pullbacks can offer diversification opportunities. And what’s going on at AstraZeneca? Random reads Ratings, schmatings, results, schmesults, AMC earnings are coming and they will have zero effect on most AMC shareholders Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. ",123,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886273400,2021-03-23 05:54:27,Just One Big 10 Team Makes The Sweet 16 After Nine Made The NCAA Tournament,https://dailycaller.com/2021/03/23/big-10-one-team-left-michigan-sweet-16/,en,False,,18775,Daily Caller,http://dailycaller.com,"(Photo by Tim Nwachukwu/Getty Images) The 2021 NCAA Tournament has been nothing short of an absolute disaster for the Big 10.     A post shared by Michigan Men’s Basketball (@umichbball) Yes, you read that correctly. After having nine teams in the field of 68, the Wolverines are the only team to make it past the Round of 32.     A post shared by Oral Roberts Basketball (@orumbb) I’m not even sure how things went so wrong. Saying the teams were overrated isn’t correct. We all know the conference was loaded. They apparently all just decided after the B1G Tournament that they could take it easy. It’s nothing short of humiliating for the crown jewel of college basketball.     A post shared by Loyola Men’s Basketball (@ramblersmbb) I’m not a big stats and odds guy, but the odds of going one of nine to make the Sweet 16 has to be absurdly low. It’s almost borderline impossible to believe. I’ll go ahead and put my hand up. After all the trash I talked this season, I deserve to take it in the shorts now that only one B1G team is left.     A post shared by Wisconsin Basketball (@badgermbb) It’s Michigan or bust at this point for the B1G. That’s not a sentence I ever thought I would say. The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006 ",238,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886268190,2021-03-23 06:20:00,Mark Hulbert: The jury is out on whether ARK Innovation’s red-hot returns are due to Cathie Wood’s skill or luck,http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?guid=%7B21005575-02D4-D4B5-4572-D32A878F36B0%7D&siteid=rss&rss=1,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,"You could have performed as well as the high-flying ARK Innovation ETF by investing in the Nasdaq 100 Index. One approach statisticians use to create an apples-to-apples comparison is with a metric known as the Sharpe Ratio, invented by William Sharpe, the 1990 Nobel laureate in economics. It is the ratio of a fund’s average returns to the standard deviation of those returns. The Sharpe Ratio of ARK Innovation’s monthly returns since 2014 is almost precisely the same as the QQQ’s. If you’re like some of my clients, your reaction is not to care about the Sharpe Ratio. “You can’t take the Sharpe Ratio to the bank,” you in effect tell me. It’s raw performance that counts, and on that basis there’s no doubt that the ARKK did far better. This reaction is confused, however. In fact you can take the Sharpe Ratio to the bank. If you had been willing to incur the ARK Innovation’s increased volatility, you could have made just as much by leveraging an investment in the QQQ. That is, you would have made just as much by increasing your portfolio allocation to QQQ, or by buying it on sufficient margin. This is illustrated in the chart below: The Sharpe Ratio is not the only method that statisticians employ for measuring adviser performance on a level playing field, but other widely used approaches reach the same conclusion. Perhaps the best known, at least in academic circles, is the Fama-French factor model, named for University of Chicago finance professor Eugene Fama (the 2013 Nobel laureate in economics) and Dartmouth College professor Ken French. Their model involves an econometric test to see if a mutual fund’s return is significantly better than a combination of index funds benchmarked to factors such as small-cap, growth, and momentum. The answer for ARK Innovation is “no” — an overweight allocation to a small-cap growth fund would have produced the same overall return since November 2014.  Note carefully that these statistical tests do not prove that ARK Innovation’s performance is due solely to luck. Instead, those tests tell us that we cannot conclude that its performance was not due to luck. In this case, the double negative is not the same as the positive; this is a subtle, but important, difference. This goes to show just how difficult it is to prove that an investment manager has genuine market-beating ability. If beating an index fund by more than 10 percentage points annualized over a 6-plus-year period is not enough, then what is? (An email to ARK Investment Management requesting comment was not immediately answered.) The answer: Satisfying traditional standards of statistical significance requires beating the market by a larger amount over a much longer period.  An example of a fund that does jump over this much-higher hurdle is Renaissance Technologies’ Medallion Fund, a hedge fund that has produced an incredible 39% annualized return over the 33 calendar years through 2020, versus “just” 11% annualized for an index fund. Bradford Cornell, an emeritus finance professor at UCLA, told me in an interview that it is impossible to attribute that fund’s outperformance to mere luck. (Unfortunately, this fund is only available to current and former partners at Renaissance Technologies.) In the meantime, it’s too early to render anything close to a final verdict on ARK Innovation’s stunning performance. Its performance over the next several years may prove to be good enough to eventually satisfy traditional standards of statistical significance. Until then we can’t be sure. This is yet another reason why index funds are the default investment of choice.  Elon Musk asked Twitter users over the weekend whether he should sell a 10% stake in the company. They said 'yes.'  Mark Hulbert is a columnist for MarketWatch. His Hulbert Ratings service tracks investment newsletters that pay a flat fee to be audited. Mark Hulbert is a columnist for MarketWatch. His Hulbert Ratings service tracks investment newsletters that pay a flat fee to be audited. ",662,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886273397,2021-03-23 06:05:59,"It Sounds Like Nate Reuvers Is Done Playing Basketball For Wisconsin, Won’t Return For Another Season",https://dailycaller.com/2021/03/23/nate-reuvers-wisconsin-basketball-instagram-message-eligibility/,en,False,,18775,Daily Caller,http://dailycaller.com,"(Photo by Gregory Shamus/Getty Images) It looks like Nate Reuvers’ time playing for the Wisconsin Badgers has come to an end.     A post shared by Wisconsin Basketball (@badgermbb) Reuvers posted Monday night on Instagram, “Thank you Wisconsin for the past 4 years. Excited for the next step in my journey.”     A post shared by Nathan Reuvers (@reuvers35) That’s about as clear as it can get without the words “I’m never coming back” being typed out on Instagram. He’s been very solid for Wisconsin over the years, but I think we can all agree this past season didn’t go as well as anyone had hoped for.     A post shared by Nathan Reuvers (@reuvers35) However, with this being the end of the road in Madison, I hope he finds success in whatever he does next. I’m sure he’ll take his shot at Europe. No matter how it goes, he had some outstanding games wearing red and white since arriving on campus. The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006 ",181,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886268183,2021-03-23 06:24:00,Market Snapshot: Dow futures slip ahead of testimony from Yellen and Powell,http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?guid=%7B21005575-02D4-D4B5-4572-D32C2B2D1640%7D&siteid=rss&rss=1,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,"U.S. stocks ended lower Tuesday, with beneficiaries of the recent rotation into cyclically sensitive stocks feeling the brunt of the selloff as concerns rose around rising COVID-19 cases in Europe that have prompted extended business lockdowns. Stocks extended losses in the final hour of trading, but analysts said there was no clear catalyst for the move. Instead, the selling appeared to largely be a “mean reversion” in a market left vulnerable by the substantial outperformance of cyclically sensitive stocks over technology shares and other growth stocks that had been the highest fliers during the stay-at-home phase of the pandemic. The move was “less of a catalyst-driven” reaction “than necessarily an unwind of a trade that had gotten extended,” said Arthur Hogan, chief market strategist for National, in a phone interview. The rotation unwind theme was also in keeping with a slide in Treasury yields. A sharp backup in yields had previously put pressure on tech-related stocks, while boosting appetite for cyclicals as well as financial stocks, which benefit from an increased spread between long- and short-dated borrowing costs. Financial stocks also pulled back Tuesday as yields fell.  Analysts said investors were little moved by the first of two days of testimony by Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell and Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen. Powell reiterated the Fed’s commitment to easy monetary policy, and said he didn’t think any surge in inflation this year will be large or persistent. He argued that the Fed has the tools to deal with higher inflation. Powell has tried to communicate a stance that underscores the central bank’s desire to keep benchmark interest rates low while the labor market recovers from the impact of lockdown measures implemented to combat the coronavirus pandemic but some critics fear that policy makers may lose control of that narrative.  However, market bulls expect the combination of easy monetary policy, aggressive fiscal spending and pent-up demand to keep stocks pointing north. And despite Tuesday’s setback, the reflation theme is likely to keep cyclical stocks in favor over the long run, they said. “The bottom line is the economy is set for an enormous spending boom and cyclical equities should still be favored with spending on the ‘old economy’ matching ‘the new economy’,” wrote Sean Darby, global head of strategy at Jefferies, in a note. “Dividends and buybacks are also set to accelerate.” Tuesday also marks the anniversary of the pandemic lows on March 23, 2020, when all of the major U.S. stock benchmarks put in their bear-market lows, as the coronavirus pandemic plunged the U.S. into recession, before staging a powerful rebound, aided at least partly by a cocktail of fiscal spending and monetary-policy intervention. Meanwhile, expectations the Biden administration will press for another round of heavy spending centered on infrastructure were seen underpinning equities, though investors were also weighing the prospect of partially offsetting tax hikes.     Ratings, schmatings, results, schmesults, AMC earnings are coming and they will have zero effect on most AMC shareholders William Watts is MarketWatch’s senior markets writer. Based in New York, Watts writes about stocks, bonds, currencies and commodities, including oil. He also writes about global macro issues and trading strategies. Before moving to New York, he reported for MarketWatch from Frankfurt, London and Washington, D.C. Mark DeCambre is MarketWatch's markets editor. He is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @mdecambre. ",564,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886284090,2021-03-23 07:29:12,Massive fire at NY state assisted living facility,http://rssfeeds.usatoday.com/~/647420764/0/usatodaycomnation-topstories~Massive-fire-at-NY-state-assisted-living-facility/,en,False,,4,USA Today,http://www.usatoday.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886273390,2021-03-23 06:24:08,Ole Miss Drops Electric Hype Video Ahead Of The 2021 College Football Season,https://dailycaller.com/2021/03/23/ole-miss-hype-video-lane-kiffin-2021-season/,en,False,,18775,Daily Caller,http://dailycaller.com,"Mandatory Credit: Justin Ford-USA TODAY Sports via Reuters Ole Miss recently dropped an awesome football hype video. Give the video a watch below. It’s pure adrenaline.     A post shared by Ole Miss Football (@olemissfb) This video right here is what I love about college football. Whether you cheer for the Rebels or not, you can’t deny how fire that video was.     A post shared by Ole Miss Football (@olemissfb) In a single year, Lane Kiffin catapulted the Rebels back into the spotlight, and it doesn’t look like he’s slowing down anytime soon. The Rebels went from being a bit of an afterthought in the SEC to being front and center under Kiffin’s leadership. They might not be winning a ton of games just yet, but they’re clearly trending in the correct direction.     A post shared by Ole Miss Football (@olemissfb) The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006 ",162,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886268175,2021-03-23 06:32:00,The Tell: The Fed won’t raise rates for years. Here’s why that might be a bad thing,http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?guid=%7B21005575-02D4-D4B5-4572-D329BF11A7B6%7D&siteid=rss&rss=1,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,"Has the Federal Reserve painted itself into a corner? Now, many fear that any attempt to tighten monetary policy will rattle markets and the economy. In order to avoid that, the Fed will keep policy extremely easy for some time to come, which will ultimately culminate in an inflation spike in the middle of the decade, according to a report out Friday from BCA Research. If the Fed were to start raising interest rates in the next few years, “what had previously been a virtuous fiscal circle would become a vicious one,” the BCA team wrote. “Needless to say, governments would resist such an outcome. Faced with the prospect of having to reallocate tax revenue from social programs to bondholders, politicians would put political pressure on central banks to refrain from raising rates. Central banks would probably oblige, at least initially. By keeping interest rates below their equilibrium level, central banks could engineer higher inflation.” There are pluses and minuses to a higher-rate economy, BCA writes. Rising inflation means real rates would fall, which would help borrowers. BCA imagines an activist central bank responding to such a dynamic: “Once enough debt had been inflated away, central banks could bring interest rates to their equilibrium level,” the analysts write.  “In the end, bondholders would suffer while borrowers would prosper.” The provider of data analytics software reported third-quarter revenue of $392 million, up 36% from a year ago.  Andrea Riquier reports on housing and banking from MarketWatch's New York newsroom. Follow her on Twitter @ARiquier. ",256,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886284088,2021-03-23 07:39:15,Derek Chauvin trial live: One more juror needed before opening statements next week,http://rssfeeds.usatoday.com/~/647421858/0/usatodaycomnation-topstories~Derek-Chauvin-trial-live-One-more-juror-needed-before-opening-statements-next-week/,en,False,,4,USA Today,http://www.usatoday.com,"After 11 days of questioning by defense and prosecution attorneys, jury selection wrapped up Tuesday when the 15th juror was selected. Twelve of the jurors will deliberate, two will serve as alternates and one will be dismissed if all the others show up for opening statements Monday.  The panel includes six jurors of color, including three Black men, one Black woman and two mixed-race women. Nine jurors are white. Floyd, a Black man, died in police custody on May 25, 2020, after Derek Chauvin, who is white, pinned his knee against Floyd’s neck after a confrontation. Lying on a Minneapolis street under Chauvin, Floyd cried out “I can’t breathe” more than 20 times. His death sparked protests worldwide and calls for change in the nation’s criminal justice system. Hundreds of protesters were arrested in the Twin Cities. Some of the protests escalated into rioting; in Minneapolis, businesses and buildings were looted and burned, including a police precinct building. The court proceedings have drawn heavy news coverage in Minnesota and nationally. Most of the jurors have seen at least portions of a video of the tragic episode, which was captured by a bystander and posted to Facebook. But the jurors said they could set their opinions aside and assess the case solely on the evidence introduced in court. Floyd family attorneys Ben Crump and Antonio Romanucci said in a statement they are pleased the jury has been seated and expect jurors to ""deliver a just verdict."" ""This is not a hard case,"" they said. ""If George Floyd had been white, the facts would be undisputed and justice would be swift. We expect the same for George."" The Minnesota Attorney General's office, which is prosecuting the case, had no comment. Nor did lead defense attorney Eric Nelson. The 11 days of jury selection were dramatic at times as some potential jurors became emotional. Some told the judge they were worried about their safety if they were chosen. Others said they couldn't handle the stress and trauma of serving on the jury. Hennepin County District Court Judge Peter Cahill denied those motions. But he dismissed two jurors who had been chosen already and excused three prospective jurors when they said they were swayed by the settlement.  Alternate jurors will step in if any of the 12 jurors required for the trial become ill or have an emergency that requires them to leave during deliberations. However, which jurors are alternates won’t be known until Cahill dismisses them, the court said last week. The jurors come from a wide array of backgrounds. Some are well-versed in the case; others haven't followed the months of developments.  The panel includes a chemist, a nurse who has been caring for patients on ventilators, a retiree and a social worker. Seven are in their 20s or 30s, three in their 40s, four in their 50s and one in her 60s. Given the circumstances of Floyd’s death – a Black man dying under the knee of a white police officer – the racial makeup of the jury is a key concern. Nine of the jurors self-identify as white, two as multiracial and four as Black, according to the court.  Here's a look at who is serving on the jury: The 15-member panel is more racially diverse than Hennepin County, where the jurors reside, and Minneapolis, where Floyd died. The group of jurors and alternates is 60% white and 40% people of color, according to information released by the court. Hennepin County is about 74% white and 14% Black, according to 2019 U.S. Census Bureau data. Minneapolis is about 64% white and 19% Black. The racial makeup of the jury will shift Monday. Cahill said he would dismiss one of the people selected if the 12 jurors and two alternates arrive as planned. The courtroom does not have enough space to seat 15 jurors, he said. Dozens of potential jurors were vetted by prosecution and defense lawyers, including whether they could put aside their opinions on the case, their thoughts on social movements, and their opinions about the protests that defined last summer. The vetting in at least one case included a review of a potential juror's social media activity. “It was emotional. I decided I didn’t want to watch it,"" one juror said.Another said it was ""too disturbing"" to watch the full video. All were asked about the Black Lives Matter and Blue Lives Matter movements. They offered a variety of opinions, from offering strong support to saying both have become marketing schemes for politicians and businesses.   One said Black Lives Matter hasn't always taken ""the best actions, but I do believe that Black lives matter."" Another said he thought Blue Lives Matter was only “a thing” to counter the Black Lives Matter movement. Many potential jurors expressed unfavorable attitudes toward Chauvin, with many saying their opinion stemmed from the video of Floyd's arrest. But the jurors chosen said they would presume Chauvin innocent and make their decision solely on the evidence presented at trial. Some of the interviews with jurors provided hints to what could shape their verdict. One noted he wanted to hear Chauvin to offer his side of what happened. Another said she wanted to better understand police training and whether placing a knee on someone's neck was allowed. As attorneys were attempting to ferret out potential jurors who were swayed by news coverage of Floyd's death, the city of Minneapolis approved a settlement with Floyd's family.  News of the settlement broke over a lunch break on the fourth day of jury selection. Ben Crump, the lead attorney for Floyd's family, called it the largest pretrial settlement in a wrongful death case. The next week, seven jurors who had been chosen before the announcement were called back and questioned over whether it threatened their impartiality. Two were dismissed after saying it did. Three other potential jurors were dismissed because they said they couldn't be impartial given the settlement. Others said they had heard of the settlement but it wouldn't influence them. While people have protested nearly every day of Chauvin's trial, officials said Monday afternoon that there have been no arrests related to the trial or reports of property damage. Police officials said they will increase their presence next week as opening statements begin.  “It will not be a dramatic increase,” Minnesota Department of Public Safety Commissioner John Harrington said at a news conference. “At this time, there is no information or intelligence that would justify a major increase in our posture."" He added that there have been no credible threats to the trial or the Twin Cities area. In preparation for the trial, the Hennepin County Government Center was surrounded with fencing and concrete barriers. Nearby businesses were boarded up. Members of the Minnesota National Guard have been stationed outside the courthouse. “We remain ready to respond, and we are committed to preventing bad things from happening,” Harrington said. ",1102,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886268168,2021-03-23 06:32:00,: Making it rain: DraftKings co-founders pocket more than $600 million combined in 2020,http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?guid=%7B21005575-02D4-D4B5-4572-D327CD66AFA1%7D&siteid=rss&rss=1,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,"Going public has made it rain for DraftKings Inc. co-founders Jason Robins, Mathew Kalish and Paul Liberman, who pocketed combined total compensation of more than $600 million in 2020. In the online sports betting company’s DKNG proxy statement filed late Friday, the company said the total compensation for Robins, who is also chief executive officer, was $236.83 million in 2020, up from $4.44 million in 2019. For...
     ",72,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886273388,2021-03-23 06:58:33,Michael Brockers Walks Back Criticism Of Jared Goff Following Trade To The Lions,https://dailycaller.com/2021/03/23/michael-brockers-jared-goff-criticism-walk-back-detroit-lions/,en,False,,18775,Daily Caller,http://dailycaller.com,"(Photo by Meg Oliphant/Getty Images) Detroit Lions defensive lineman Michael Brockers has walked back some criticism of Jared Goff. Luckily for Brockers, Goff didn’t seem to care too much about his comments. The new quarterback of the Lions said they’re “all good” while doing an interview on 97.1 The Ticket. “Brock’s obviously one of my good friends and teammates. Obviously, I get it.” Said Brockers quickly reached out to him and they’re “all good.” I have to admit that I don’t love how week Brockers’ response was. He talked a big game to TMZ. Stand by it. Trust me, he’s not the only one who thinks Matthew Stafford is a gigantic upgrade over Goff. I’m pretty sure the entire NFL feels that way. As a Lions fan, I want Goff with the team for as short of a time as possible. Get his contract off of our books and go draft our quarterback of the future.     A post shared by Detroit Lions (@detroitlionsnfl) Just because Brockers pumped up Stafford and then got traded to the Lions doesn’t mean he was wrong. Stand by it! The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006 ",202,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886284084,2021-03-23 07:53:15,On This Day: 23 March 1964,http://rssfeeds.usatoday.com/~/647422836/0/usatodaycomnation-topstories~On-This-Day-March/,en,False,,4,USA Today,http://www.usatoday.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886268162,2021-03-23 06:46:00,: Monopoly is eliminating beauty contest ‘Community Chest’ cards as it updates for modern players,http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?guid=%7B21005575-02D4-D4B5-4572-D3293A995CED%7D&siteid=rss&rss=1,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,"The board game Monopoly, which has been around for more than 85 years, is getting a refresh. Say goodbye to the “Community Chest” cards that offer rewards and penalties for things like beauty contests and holiday funds.  Moreover, the game hopes to acknowledge the changes that have taken place during COVID-19. “[C]oming out of the tumultuous year of 2020, the term ‘community’ has taken on a whole new meaning,” the announcement says. Hasbro has recently refreshed another of its iconic names. The Potato Head family has replaced Mr. Potato Head in what was, at first, dubbed an effort to “to promote gender equality and inclusion.” AMD is among companies poised to eclipse $200 billion in market value. Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. Tonya joined MarketWatch from Moguldom Media, where she was business editor for MadameNoire, a website targeting African-American women with a range of content from personal finance to economics, politics, education and lifestyle and entertainment.  She also worked at Mediabistro, and previously handled media relations for MSLGroup’s consumer practice. ",192,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886273380,2021-03-23 07:08:59,REPORT: 12 Lawsuits Have Now Been Filed Against Deshaun Watson,https://dailycaller.com/2021/03/23/report-deshaun-watson-12-lawsuits-filed/,en,False,,18775,Daily Caller,http://dailycaller.com,"(Photo by Bob Levey/Getty Images) Deshaun Watson is reportedly now facing a dozen lawsuits. pic.twitter.com/ZVb2R2mFlc     A post shared by Tony Buzbee (@tonybuzbee) At some point, you have to wonder if the NFL is going to intervene. We know the league is investigating the situation, but we haven’t heard much past that. With a dozen different women accusing Watson of misconduct, Roger Goodell has to be debating what to do next. These are all civil cases and he’s not facing any criminal investigations. However, the NFL doesn’t need a criminal investigation to be happening in order to intervene. Goodell can more or less do whatever he wants. Keep checking back for more updates as we have them. It’s clear that Watson’s situation isn’t going away anytime soon. The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006 ",144,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886264453,2021-03-23 07:11:00,GameStop says chief customer officer Frank Hamlin to step down after transition period ending March 31,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/gamestop-says-chief-customer-officer-frank-hamlin-to-step-down-after-transition-period-ending-march-31-2021-03-23?siteid=yhoof2&yptr=yahoo,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,"The Shiba Inu whale identified by crypto watchers as the investor who turned $8,000 into $5.7 billion is moving holdings around. A big sale could follow. Ciara Linnane is MarketWatch's investing- and corporate-news editor. She is based in New York. ",41,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886284995,2021-03-23 07:38:10,Headlines: New Islamist missile threat raises fears for air travelers,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/headlines-new-islamist-missile-threat-raises-fears-for-air-travelers/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886284991,2021-03-23 07:39:10,Colorado River drying up at alarming rate,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/colorado-river-drying-up-at-alarming-rate/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886284987,2021-03-23 07:40:11,Behind the success of the 1984 Summer Olympics,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/behind-the-success-of-the-1984-summer-olympics/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886211876,2021-03-23 06:36:33,Famous Robert Capa Photo Brings New Life to a Tenement and Its Residents,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/world/europe/robert-capa-madrid-photo.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by The bomb-scarred building in a picture of children during the Spanish Civil War will be turned into a cultural center. Send any friend a story MADRID — In 1936, the photographer Robert Capa trained his lens on children outside a pockmarked tenement in Madrid that had been bombed by the German Luftwaffe. That image of the Spanish Civil War remains a powerful reminder of the effects of armed conflict on civilians. In their new homes, the residents will pay the same or even less for more space, proper heating and other improvements. “Capa has been wonderful for us,” said Cristina Uquillas, who, along with her two children and mother, moved out last week — the last of the 14 families living in the building to do so. “But I also feel that people should get decent housing without having to get this kind of miraculous help from a great photographer.” Underlining the problem, when the last occupants moved out, builders immediately sealed off the doors and windows of the tenement to prevent squatters from moving in. Ms. Uquillas, a meatpacker in Madrid’s main food market, said she was happy to leave behind the damp, peeling walls but acknowledged that she would miss the tenement’s tight-knit community. “Everybody always had a problem,” she said. “But there was also always somebody to help out.” Amid a deep recession precipitated by the pandemic, the shortage of public housing has become a political hot potato, even straining the relationship between the two left-wing parties that form the coalition government. Some local residents even called the building “the home of the rich,” Mr. Uría added, because one of its inner courtyards had the relative luxury of a water well. Since then, the Capa tenement, in the Vallecas neighborhood of Madrid, has led something of a charmed life. It survived not only the Spanish Civil War but also the extensive overhaul of the area in the decades after the fighting, leaving it as one of the few buildings barely changed from that era. The decision to preserve the building was made in 2018, when the parliament of Spain’s capital region voted to create the cultural center. To take ownership of the building, the city paid off the old owners at a cost of about $1 million. Mar Espinar, a city lawmaker from the opposition Socialists, said she wanted the center to document the air raids of the war. “Politicians can disagree on many things, but people need to know our history and that bombs were once dropped on the homes of civilians — as a significant fact and not a matter of opinion,” she said. The bombing of the Vallecas neighborhood in 1936 was not an obvious military priority for Franco and his forces, but it offered a proving ground for his German allies. Capa did not write specific captions for his Vallecas photographs, so they also appeared in some publications without attribution or even in a manipulated context. In Italy, a pro-Fascist magazine headlined his picture with the words “The cruel war” but did not mention which side had carried out the bombing. Nowadays, any poignancy about living in the historical building was outweighed by its practical disadvantages, residents said. “The only reason I lived here so long is that I could never afford anything better,” said Rosa Báez, who spent eight years in the building. “I’m now getting a better apartment and am among the lucky ones,” she added. Ms. Uquillas, as she left with her family, offered thanks to Capa for his indirect role in her move. Finally getting an upgrade, she said, felt like “winning the lottery.” Advertisement ",610,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886284981,2021-03-23 07:41:10,New wine app solves age-old restaurant dilemma,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/new-wine-app-solves-age-old-restaurant-dilemma/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886211870,2021-03-23 06:38:44,Biden’s Big Plan,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/briefing/boulder-colorado-biden-trillion-astrazeneca.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by The Morning Newsletter Biden has a plan to reshape the American economy. Send any friend a story A new president needs to make choices. Recent history suggests that an administration has only about a year to push major legislation through Congress before attention turns to the midterm elections (which rarely go well for the party in power). Any bill not at the very top of the president’s list is unlikely to happen. President Biden will break this pattern. The White House has not yet released all of the details, and they will probably change as the package moves through Congress. But here’s an overview of what we know about the major pieces. Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez told The Times’s Lisa Friedman that she was encouraged by what she had heard about the infrastructure policies and likened them to her Green New Deal plan. “One of the big goals we had when we introduced the Green New Deal was to show how people thought about climate change from being a billion dollar problem to a trillion-dollar opportunity,” she said. “This infrastructure package generally seems to be shaping up in that kind of framework.” The package may also include a measure to limit how much pharmaceutical companies can charge Medicare for prescription drugs, which could lead to lower prices for private insurance plans. The plan does not appear to include another idea Biden has said he favors — expanding access to government insurance plans, through a public option or allowing younger people to buy into Medicare. Lower prescription-drug costs would cover some of the package’s $3 trillion to $4 trillion in new spending over 10 years. But a bigger source of money would be higher taxes on the affluent — people making at least $400,000 a year — and on corporations. Republicans are unlikely to support any such tax increases, which means Democrats would need to pass major parts of the package through a Senate mechanism known as reconciliation. Bills that go through reconciliation need only 51 votes in the Senate, rather than 60, to pass. “It becomes this very emotional 45-second video that people immediately connect with,” the director of books at Barnes & Noble told The Times. “We haven’t seen these types of crazy sales — I mean tens of thousands of copies a month — with other social media formats.” Seeing the potential, some publishers have begun paying — or sending free books to — users with large followings. The fees range from a few hundred to a few thousand dollars per post. For now, though, the majority of these videos remain unsponsored, happening organically. Thanks for spending part of your morning with The Times. See you tomorrow. — David Advertisement ",455,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886290647,2021-03-23 08:02:00,"Treasury yields fall as market readies for Powell testimony, debt auctions",https://www.marketwatch.com/story/treasury-yields-fall-as-market-readies-for-powell-testimony-debt-auctions-11616500939?siteid=yhoof2&yptr=yahoo,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,"Treasury yields fell for a second day Tuesday as the market parsed testimony from the Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell and Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen, in their first of two days of talks about the U.S. economic recovery from the COVID pandemic in front of congressional lawmakers.  Debt investors also digested some $60 billion in short-term government paper, which was viewed as the first leg of a test of the market’s ability to absorb some $180 billion in Treasurys, experts said.  Bond prices rise as yields fall.  Bond-market investors have been focused on rapidly rising yields of Treasurys on concerns about a pickup in inflation in 2021 as the economy recovers with help from President Joe Biden’s $1.9 trillion fiscal stimulus, but the week so far has offered some respite from the steady selloff in bonds.   Part of the pullback in yields has been attributed to the extension of COVID lockdowns in Europe, which has tamped down some optimism about a rapid recovery from the pandemic.  Analysts said investors were little moved by the first of two days of testimony by Fed Chairman Powell and Yellen. Powell reiterated the Fed’s commitment to easy monetary policy, and said he didn’t think any surge in inflation this year will be large or persistent. He argued that the Fed has the tools to deal with higher inflation. Meanwhile, investors took down some $60 billion in 2-year notes on Tuesday, part of the first leg of some $183 billion in short- and intermediate-dated debt.  Fed Gov. Lael Brainard on Tuesday said that she advocated for patient monetary policy, where the Fed awaits outcomes rather than acting solely on forecasts, will be most effective in reaching the central bank’s goals of maximum employment and stable 2% average inflation. In Europe, the European Central Bank increased its asset purchase under its Pandemic Emergency Purchase Program, or PEPP, as the weekly report of bond-buying confirmed yesterday. “2-year yields have been holding relatively steady and we expect that they will hold in well through month-end. Investors have been trying to pinpoint the timing of Fed liftoff since the release of the most recent ‘dots.’ but no dates in the 2-year time horizon have become popular targets as of yet,” wrote Thomas Simons and Aneta Markowska, economists at Jefferies. “Until then, we expect this area of the curve to be safe,’ they said.  “Overall, the stats generated by the auction were solid but unspectacular. They all came close to average,” the Jefferies duo wrote.  The total cryptocurrency market tops $3 trillion Monday, for the first time, according to data from CoinGecko. Market capitalization of the crypto market has gained more than 280% since the start of this year.  Mark DeCambre is MarketWatch's markets editor. He is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @mdecambre. ",476,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886293410,2021-03-23 08:28:19.899348,89 condos on a grand old hospital campus in D.C.,https://www.washingtonpost.com/realestate/89-condos-on-a-grand-old-hospital-campus-in-dc/2021/03/22/4d608f90-8669-11eb-bfdf-4d36dab83a6d_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_homepage,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"The 66-acre site that used to be the Walter Reed Army Medical Center is being transformed into a mixed-use development that will include more than 2,200 condos, rental apartments and townhouses. Construction is underway, and sales have begun. The Brooks, a condominium building, will contain 89 units when complete. More than half are already sold. Base prices on the remaining units range from $399,900 to $989,850, and their sizes range from 612 to 1,350 square feet. Amenities in the building include a rooftop terrace,  club room and    concierge during business hours. Residents of the Brooks will also have access to the amenities in the Vale, an apartment building next door, said Danai Mattison Sky, director of sales at Urban Pace, which is marketing the condos. The Vale amenities include work spaces, lounge areas, a large club room,  courtyard,  saltwater pool, cabanas, grills, gym,  yoga studio and  pet spa, Sky said. “They will be complimentary for the first year,” she said. “After that there will an annual fee.” The price for the amenity package after the first year has not been determined. Home-building goes on at the Bluffs at Sleeter Lake A town center is also planned for the development, between Georgia Avenue and 16th Street NW. It will be anchored by a Whole Foods, which is expected to open in the fall of 2022 or the following winter. Jeff Travers, chief operating officer of a nonprofit organization, was one of the first buyers. He put down a deposit in June 2019 based on a virtual reality presentation on a big-screen TV. “They had a really cool sales center in one of the . . . old mansions” on the Walter Reed campus, Travers said. “You could go in and look at any apartment and go through it. It looked like real life. It was shocking.” Travers is living in a rental house in D.C.’s Chevy Chase neighborhood after selling a house he lived in for 20 years. He decided to buy the condo, he said, because he wanted to make a fresh start and escape home maintenance and because he liked the total package at the Brooks. “I was sold on the apartment, but if it wasn’t in that setting, I wouldn’t have bought it,” he said. “It’s a thoughtful plan, and my apartment looks out over the Great Lawn, which is being left as is.” The development plan calls for the preservation and rehabilitation of the historical buildings. “The city is putting a lot of time and money into this to make it work,” Travers said. “It’s a bright and exciting future.” Travers’s three-bedroom, three-bathroom unit is on the top floor of the six-story building and is the only one with that configuration. It also has a private 800-square-foot terrace. Floor plans for other units have one bedroom and one bathroom; one bedroom, one bathroom and a den; two bedrooms and two bathrooms; two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a loft; and three bedrooms and two bathrooms. 58 well-placed condos planned in Hanover, Md. Kitchens have Shaker-style cabinets, a subway tile backsplash, quartz countertops and a four-piece Bosch appliance package, Sky said. Fixtures are by Moen in the kitchens and Kohler in the bathrooms. Parking under the building is available for $40,000 a space. Condo fees range from the low $300s to about $650 a month, depending on the size of the unit. Sky said buyers are drawn to the combination of the great outdoors and the functional indoors. “They love the green space the community offers,” she said. “About 20 acres are devoted to parks and plazas on the site, so there’s room to get out and get fresh air. Many of the layouts in the units offer great work-from-home space, which we’re seeing as a priority for buyers in the market.” Travers said he expects to move into his condo in mid-May after a long wait. He looks forward to spending less time on household chores. “Even where I am now, I’m still fixing things,” he said. “I’m looking forward to not having a yard to worry about and leaving the responsibilities of a house behind. Super excited to have the entertaining space, and I think it will be really cool to be part of something new and bold with a project of this scale.” 
 1010 Butternut St. NW, Washington The Brooks will have 89 condos, all of which are under construction. Delivery of finished units is expected to begin in April. Base prices range from $399,900 to $989,850. The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",775,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886286618,2021-03-23 08:00:00,Cybersecurity startups Orca and Wiz have rocketed to billion-dollar-plus valuations as a new trend in cloud-scanning tech takes off,https://www.businessinsider.com/orca-wiz-cybersecurity-funding-rounds-cloud-scanning-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. One year ago, a little-known, two-year-old Israeli security startup called Orca had raised a total of $6.5 million in seed funding at a $21.8 million valuation, according to PitchBook. Things changed quickly: On Tuesday, that little startup announced a $210 million Series C funding round that rocketed its valuation to $1.2 billion. ""We have accelerated dramatically because we are cloud security that actually works,"" Orca CEO Avi Shua told Insider.  ""It's cool to be the fastest-growing security company ever in our first year, but we are much more focused on our customers rather than the hype,"" Wiz CEO Assaf Rappaport told Insider.  With growth like Wiz and Orca's, there will be hype.  Orca's technology in that area made a believer of Gene Frantz, general partner at Google VC spin-off, CapitalG, which led the round with Redpoint Ventures. ""We approached him,"" Frantz told Insider of Orca CEO Shua. ""We think cloud security will be a huge market, and Orca is well-situated to address it.""   The $210 million Series C round follows a $55 million B round in October 2020 and a $20.5 million Series A round in May of 2020, bringing Orca's total funding to $292 million. Previous investors GGV Capital and ICONIQ Growth also participated in the most recent round.  Orca Security achieved more than 1,000% year-over-year revenue growth in 2020 and signed customers including Robinhood, Databricks, Unity, Live Oak Bank, Lemonade and BeyondTrust, among many others.  Orca was ""born in the cloud,"" rather than adapted from on-premise cybersecurity software. Customers can quickly get it up-and-running to survey their entire cloud-based operations without sending already-overworked cybersecurity staff thousands of ""false-positive"" notifications a day, Orca said. BeyondTrust's chief technical officer and head of security, Morey Haber, called the company's product a ""must-have solution for businesses operating in the cloud,"" in a statement on the news.  Despite the big-time valuation, Orca has retained some scrappiness, taking on Palo Alto Networks — its $31.7 billion competitor — in a public feud. Last fall Palo Alto Networks demanded in a legal letter that Orca take down from its website results of a side-by-side comparison of the companies' competing cloud-based cybersecurity products. Palo Alto Networks said its ""name and logo are being misused.""  Palo Alto Networks has declined to comment on the feud.   
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",498,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886285888,2021-03-23 08:00:01,QAnon now pushes alarming conspiracy myths targeting China and Jewish people,https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2021-03-23/qanon-conspiracy-evolves-new-world-order-china-jewish-people,en,False,,6,LA Times,http://www.latimes.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886285540,2021-03-23 08:17:11,"ShowBiz Minute: Tyson, Brown Jr, John",http://rssfeeds.usatoday.com/~/647424052/0/usatodaycomnation-topstories~ShowBiz-Minute-Tyson-Brown-Jr-John/,en,False,,4,USA Today,http://www.usatoday.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886297140,2021-03-23 08:00:00,Prince Harry Is Taking on a New Job Title at BetterUp,https://www.wsj.com/articles/prince-harry-is-taking-on-a-new-job-title-chief-impact-officer-at-betterup-11616500802?mod=pls_whats_news_us_business_f,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,WSJ Membership Customer Service Tools & Features Ads More Dow Jones Products ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886296050,2021-03-23 08:16:11,"Bob Schieffer: ""In a world gone mad, what is to be learned?""",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/bob-schieffer-in-a-world-gone-mad-what-is-to-be-learned/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295593,2021-03-23 08:00:00,Eight Key Moments In An Employee’s Day Where You Can Make A Difference As A Manager,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbescoachescouncil/2021/03/23/eight-key-moments-in-an-employees-day-where-you-can-make-a-difference-as-a-manager/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty These questions arise from the eight key moments in an employee’s day when they check in with how they feel about what they do and who they do it for: 1. Do I feel welcomed when I arrive at work? A manager should make a point every day to be available to welcome their team to work. Regardless of how the manager feels, they should ensure they are warm, friendly and offer an appropriate greeting. We found that employees experienced a significant lift at the start of their day when they believed their manager(s) were happy to see them. 2. Do I have the tools, information, staffing/support to do my job well today? We understand that some days are busier than others, and on some days, it seems everything goes wrong. Employees understand this but are interested in whether their manager planned ahead for such days. My team and I are big proponents of the daily meeting to start a shift, which allows the manager to talk about what will happen during the day and, most importantly, what they have done to set the team up for success. 3. Does my manager listen to me when I share a concern, idea or comment? Most employees will not have something to share every day, but when they do, they want to know that their manager is willing to listen. This can be difficult when the manager is busy or has a lot going on around them. Also, we have frequently heard employees mention over the past couple of years — and all managers need to be careful of this — that it's frustrating when managers multi-task or work on their computer or phone while listening. Managers must carve out time where they can actively and empathetically listen to their employees. 4. Did I get a break or have a chance to take a break today? For some employees, breaks are built into their day and never a question, but for others, particularly on small teams, breaks can be a bit of a moving target. We found employees agreed that they need to have breaks during their shift. Even if they cannot have their full break, a manager should still acknowledge this and offer a shorter break. 5. Did my manager recognize me for doing something well today? Everyone wants recognition and every employee probably does something that warrants recognition a few times a day. But did the manager see them at that moment? We encourage managers to schedule time throughout the day to be ""on the floor"" to recognize their team in the moment. Managers need to plan time when they can walk, talk, observe and catch people doing something well. We've found that immediate recognition has the most significant impact on how employees feel about what they do and whom they do it for.  6. Did my manager offer constructive feedback when I did something wrong or made a mistake? Things do go wrong and people make mistakes. We found that how a manager responded when things went wrong was a critical moment in the employee’s day. For employees, the manager cannot become too emotional — specifically angry, upset or abusive. In our research, employees positively view managers who can remain calm, demonstrate care and ask questions rather than accuse. 7. Did my manager get in and help when we got busy or behind today? When things get busy, is the manager involved and helping as needed? Managers need to learn to get out of their office and into the operations as needed. Some managers always seem to be working alongside their employees. While this may provide a short-term boost, it can also have a negative impact where employees feel reliant on the manager or the manager fails to work on their business and fulfill other responsibilities. Managers must be there when needed and then get out of the operation when they are not. 8. Do I feel that my efforts made a difference today? Everyone wants to feel they made a difference. We found employees responded extremely positively when a manager would acknowledge that they made a difference at the end of their shift. This acknowledgment is not the same as the recognition we mentioned earlier, which is specific. We found that employees would see their manager as a good leader when the manager would say goodbye at the end of their day and acknowledge their efforts, saying something like, “We could not have done this without you” or “You really made it happen today.” If you are serious about culture and improving your employee’s experience, you need to understand these key moments that will impact their day. None of the things we found or highlighted required anything from the manager other than some organization and planning, some social awareness of when these moments were occurring and a willingness to be emotionally available, connected and engaged at these crucial times. We believe every manager can do this. ",830,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295438,2021-03-23 12:01:05,Have Basically No Time To Clean? These 33 Problem-Solving Products Are Here To Help,https://www.buzzfeed.com/genevievescarano/problem-solving-products-for-fast-cleaning,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"Hard water stain removers, pet hair brooms, and more products that'll tidy up messes at the speed of light. BuzzFeed Staff We hope you love the products we recommend! All of them were independently selected by our editors. Just so you know, BuzzFeed may collect a share of sales or other compensation from the links on this page if you decide to shop from them. Oh, and FYI — prices are accurate and items in stock as of time of publication. This scrub can also be used to clean bathroom surfaces, including countertops and tile!  Reviewers say this lil' wonder easily cleans up eraser shavings and other hard-to-see particles around your house.  Its formula deodorizes and prevents pesky spots from ruining your carpets.  Have more dirty outdoor surfaces? This cleaner can also be used on brick, wood composite, and patio furniture!  This set comes with the RoboVac 11S robot vacuum, a remote control (2 AAA batteries included), charging base, AC power adapter, cleaning tool, an extra set of filters, four side brushes, five cable ties, a welcome guide, and a one-year warranty. These slippers work well for mopping up vinyl, wood, and tiled floors. Plus, you can pop them in the washing machine after you're done cleaning.  This cleaning gem contains sandalwood (which smells so good) and vegetable-based soap. It's recommend you dilute this formula *before* cleaning any surfaces. Add a 1/2 cup of Good Vibes all-purpose cleaner to 1 gallon of hot water to clean cabinets, counter tops, floors, walls, and windows.  It also comes with a microfiber cloth, so you can avoid using paper towels! Pour in a mixture of lemon juice, water, and vinegar, place the ""angry"" figure in your microwave, and get a clean space in less than 10 minutes!  You can reach up to 12 feet with this kit, which comes with three dusting attachments! This cleaning tool works like a magnet and picks up fur from carpets, hardwood, and more surfaces. Reviews have been edited for length and/or clarity. ",343,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886293398,2021-03-23 08:28:19.899348,Tom Sietsema’s 8 favorite places to eat right now,https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/food/best-restaurants-in-dc-march-2021/2021/03/19/e3bed920-8749-11eb-82bc-e58213caa38e_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_homepage,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"Glimmers of hope: warmer weather, more people getting vaccinated, and restaurants that continue to impress us with their resourcefulness and creativity in troubled times. Count on the following places to make dinner — at your place (takeout) or theirs (outside) — the best part of your day. The new dining reality: Shorter menus, quicker meals — and ugly-delicious dishes The advantage to ordering takeout from TUG, as it’s affectionately known, is the option of ordering a la carte. But this fan prefers Sybert’s beautiful food on a plate rather than out of a carton, and in the good company of Tyler and her colleagues, who manage the neat trick of making you forget we’re in a crisis while adhering to admirably strict safety protocols. Cheers to co-owner Bill Jensen and wine director Ali Thorburn for injecting so much fun into wine service. Their varied tastes — he leans classic, she’s more eclectic — result in pairings that inform and delight: “Beyoncé vs. Solange,” Thorburn likes to joke. Kyoo Eom’s August audition for his future employer ended with an invitation to head up the kitchen at this grand dame in the shadow of Georgetown University. “This is a coronation, not an interview,” John McDonnell, president of Clyde’s Restaurant Group, recalls telling the South Korea-born chef, who has worked for esteemed French chef Daniel Boulud in Manhattan. Fresh reasons to return to 1789, one of D.C.’s oldest restaurants 1789 is all about thoughtfulnesses. Meals come with a gratis box of pillowy, house-baked rolls and — another plus — room-temperature butter. Want some wine with your meal? General manager Brian Zipin, another major asset, is happy to advise on selections to-go, plucked from a cellar of about 250 different bottles, with a focus on major U.S. wine-growing regions as well as France. Greeting and feeding diners since 1962, 1789 is aging with relevance. A & J has its roots in Taiwan, where co-owner Elaine Tang’s uncle launched the brand, known there as Half Acre Garden, some 40 years ago. In 1986, Tang’s brother introduced A & J to Los Angeles; Tang and her husband, Jay, followed up with dining rooms in Rockville and Annandale in 1996 and 2000, respectively. Reliability is a hallmark of the Washington-area restaurants, where the shredded pork and mustard green soup is as delicious and restorative as I remember it back when Facebook was in its infancy, and the shaved dry bean curd, pungent with cilantro and crunchy with peanuts, remains a prized snack. Soups, including a subtle beef broth, come with a choice of thin or wide noodles; the latter, made with the wheat common in northern China, are rolled out in-house. Even though the small dining rooms are offering only takeout for now, the servers handing over bags of food manage to personalize the experience. “Hot sauce? Chopsticks?” a server at the Rockville branch asked me at the door in February. Mindful of the recent Chinese holiday, she added, “Happy New Year!” A & J offers its menus in Chinese and English. Fear not, say the Tangs. The lists are the same, except for the fuller descriptions on the English version. Equally enticing are the prices: Only one of A & J’s many dishes costs more than $10. Details do their best to put you smack in San Juan. The outdoor seating includes gliders and chairs in pastel hues, rum flows on the drinks list, and the mofongo — mashed fried green plantains — envelops diners in a haze of garlic. The all-day restaurant, from Puerto Rico native Joancarlo Parkhurst, refers to itself as “fast-fine” (instead of “fast-casual”), which means you order at a counter and wait for finesse to follow. Pretty fluted pastelillos crack open to reveal juicy, cayenne-fired beef picadillo, the pork chop squirts juices at the touch of a knife, and passion fruit mousse provides just the right tart finish to any feast. Parkhurst is both owner and cook, relying on his grandmother’s recipes for inspiration (don’t skip the chicken fricassee) and an old family canning business in Puerto Rico for the name of his sunny spot in Navy Yard. This is humble food with haute touches. Hearts of palm are a welcome sight in the house salad, its dressing punchy with lemon and mustard. The good taste extends to the dining room, where leather pads dress up the black benches. It took three years for the restaurant to open in Prince George’s County. Blame the delay on a gut job, permits and the stops and starts caused by the pandemic. Whatever. Pennyroyal Station is serving some mighty fine cooking in a roost that’s so inviting, you ought to fetch your food in person just to see it. Like a good neighbor, Pennyroyal Station is there for you You can’t miss the building, dressed on the outside with a flowery mural and inside with a handsome retro bar. Bonus: Recently expanded hours mean everything is offered throughout the day. The award for the best-insulated delivery meal goes to the four-year-old Rohobot in Silver Spring, which bundles its vegetable combination like a babushka wraps a Russian baby: so completely, it’s hard to see what’s inside. Peel back the folds of injera, though, and you witness a kaleidoscope of yellow lentils, dark green collards, crimson beets and turmeric-colored cabbage with bright orange carrots. Beferdu uses the recipes she learned from her restaurateur-mother as a girl growing up in Addis Ababa and later showcased in a trio of hotels she ran in Ethiopia’s capital. The meatier draws on her menu include awaze tibs — sauteed lamb, rosemary and jalapeño — and kitfo, blazingly spiced minced beef cooked (or not) the way you ask. Diners who forget to specify get the dish, often eaten rare, cooked medium. Upgrade to “special” and the kitfo comes with collard greens and housemade cottage cheese. No utensils necessary, chowhounds know; the extra scrolls of spongy injera in your order are all the scoops you need. The prospect of feeding an influx of Amazon workers lured friends Anthony Sankar and Premnath Durairaj from Roanoke to Northern Virginia, where the entrepreneurs replaced Bombay Curry Company in Alexandria and Delhi Club in Arlington with their distinctive brand of Indian hospitality. Hoping to fill some gaps on the scene, they’re offering curry wraps and chicken tikka burgers, among the bistro’s lunchtime selections, and desserts such as coconut pineapple bread pudding. Twin bistros in Northern Virginia put a personal spin on Indian cooking The restaurants share the same menu created by Durairaj, who as a junior cook at the Taj Coromandel hotel in Chennai, in southern India, says he tried to push the envelope and give his cooking some twists. Customers can taste what he means by ordering the grilled shrimp at either eatery. The most Indian thing about the dish is that it’s cooked in a tandoor. Otherwise, accents of crushed olive, crumbled feta and balsamic reduction suggest you’re in a Greek taverna. “I like sweet and spicy,” says the chef, whose chicken nuggets glazed with mango and ginger back him up. The young bakery has friends in high places. No less than Elin Suleymanov, the Azerbaijani ambassador to the United States, says he makes multiple trips to Sharbat in Adams Morgan every week. Among the dishes he gravitates to are pakhlava, as in baklava. The shape of the sweet, its light pastry layers and comparatively gentle sweetness, distinguish it from the foreign competition back home, a country that shares borders with Armenia, Georgia, Iran and Russia. The ambassador jokingly says, “We have three epic battles” in the region: “who makes the best tea, dolma and baklava.” This new Azerbaijani bakery offers stories as good as its pastries The shorgoghal reminds the diplomat even more of home, he says of the bun-shape pastry, whose flaky exterior gives way to a center seasoned with anise, black pepper and cumin. Both Suleymanov and Ilhama Safarova, Sharbat’s owner, are from Azerbaijan’s capital and largest city, Baku, where shorgoghal is a featured attraction at Nowruz, the five-day Azerbaijani holiday celebrating both the new year and the arrival of spring. Shorgoghal, glossy from a wash of egg yolk and freckled with poppy seeds, calls to all the senses. Bite down and the treat shatters audibly, like footsteps in hard snow. 
 The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",1389,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886290707,2021-03-23 07:53:12,QuantumScape Seeks $859 Million to Fund Pilot Line Expansion,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/quantumscape-seeks-raise-859-million-230527938.html,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,Thank you for your patience. Our engineers are working quickly to resolve the issue. ,15,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886286733,2021-03-23 08:00:09,Former Clippers remember guiding influence of Elgin Baylor,http://feeds.latimes.com/~r/latimes/sports/football/nfl/~3/G-9yaikyQB8/clippers-family-remembers-the-guiding-influence-of-elgin-baylor,en,True,,6,LA Times,http://www.latimes.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886285875,2021-03-23 08:00:39,"Introducing 8 to 3, a newsletter for parents about kids, school and education",https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2021-03-23/parents-school-education-newsletter-sonja-sharp,en,False,,6,LA Times,http://www.latimes.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886297111,2021-03-23 08:13:00,Chinese Tech Faces New Curbs on Connecting Banks and Borrowers,https://www.wsj.com/articles/chinese-tech-faces-new-curbs-on-connecting-banks-and-borrowers-11616501604?mod=pls_whats_news_us_business_f,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,WSJ Membership Customer Service Tools & Features Ads More Dow Jones Products ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886296036,2021-03-23 08:17:11,"Open: This is Face the Nation, July 27",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/open-this-is-face-the-nation-july-27/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295591,2021-03-23 08:00:00,Human-Centered City Design For A Post-Pandemic World,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesrealestatecouncil/2021/03/23/human-centered-city-design-for-a-post-pandemic-world/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty Pain and perseverance. Fatigue and flexibility. Variants and vaccines. In just a year, the Covid-19 pandemic has challenged every aspect of life on Earth. But it has also given rise to an unstoppable spirit of unity and resilience. We have learned that we are stronger together. And although we will undoubtedly feel the effects of this global health crisis for years to come, we now have the unique opportunity to shape our world for the better and develop solutions that rise to the challenge of this new paradigm. This moment in time, when we all are in search of optimism and positivity, highlights the best of what architects and designers do. We can create the next generation of places and spaces to meet our most essential need: reconnection.               After a such long stretch of physical isolation from others, with personal connection limited to the virtual world of screens and video calls, the value of visceral experiences and in-person interaction has never been greater. A shared desire for reconnection is driving our economic and cultural recovery, underscoring the higher purpose of real estate: to bring people together in physical environments that support positive human experiences, foster collaboration and inspire creativity. Applying this lesson to the workplace, the built environment must allow individuals to interact safely, comfortably and productively. We expect many to embrace a hybrid model of work, with the office becoming a space for collaboration, while more focused, individual tasks take place at home. As such, mixed-reality technology must seamlessly link colleagues in different locations. Digital innovations have been an indispensable bridge this past year, but, as most of us have discovered, virtual burnout is very real. The building owners and companies that most quickly adapt to this “new normal” will find that their investments yield both immediate and long-term returns. Further, we can expect to see the growth of the “20-minute neighborhood” — developments that meet every commercial, residential and institutional need of occupants within an easily navigable geographic area. This concept also has the potential to address questions of equity in mobility. By making more choices available, from enhanced public transit options to micro-mobility solutions like scooters and e-bikes, individuals can become less reliant on private automobiles. The city is returned to the citizens. Fundamentally, in the post-pandemic future, we have the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to realign real estate and the built environment with the human experience. Those who seize this chance to reimagine their offices, hotels, retail centers, schools, airports and other buildings as inclusive, purposeful spaces that foster authentic engagement will emerge as leaders on the road ahead. From now on, design matters more than ever. ",441,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886290568,2021-03-23 08:00:00,Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Pared Down Its Bank Holdings. That Looks Like a $10 Billion Mistake.,https://www.barrons.com/articles/warren-buffetts-berkshire-hathaway-pared-down-its-bank-holdings-that-looks-like-a-10-billion-mistake-51616500847?siteid=yhoof2&yptr=yahoo,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,"Meanwhile, here are some important items you'll want to know: ",11,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886296029,2021-03-23 08:18:10,Hamas leader: End Israel's occupation of Gaza,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/hamas-leader-end-israels-occupation-of-gaza/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295589,2021-03-23 08:00:00,"BPNL Loans Are Surging, But Are They Right For You?",https://www.forbes.com/sites/boblegters/2021/03/23/bpnl-loans-are-surging-but-are-they-right-for-you/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Why the sudden growth?  The payment landscape was greatly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, forcing significant change in what was bought and sold, how purchases were made, and how goods and services were shipped. The pandemic response accelerated growth in eCommerce as consumers stayed home and out of harm’s way . Further, as financial uncertainty climbed, BNPL offered a way to break-up purchases into manageable installments, often without immediate interest like on a traditional credit card.   Interest Free Credit? Is there a Catch? As with any credit product or loans, BNPL comes with certain risks that both consumers and merchants should consider. Most BNPL loans are interest free, so when a consumer makes the payments on time, there are no fees. However, missing a payment can result in costly fees or interest rates higher than those a typical credit card carries. While BNPL approval only requires a soft pull of an applicant’s credit report, where it does not impact your credit score, a missed payment will be reported and could have negative impact on your score. BNPL could also be an easy target for account takeover fraud so consumers should still monitor their credit reports for unusual activity.  For merchants, the good news is that most BNPL providers accept the liability for the financial cost of fraud when they occur. However, consumers still tend to hold merchants responsible when they experience fraud. It’s in the merchant’s best interest to screen out orders that carry strong fraud indicators like new and unusual purchasing behavior or logins from unknown devices or IP addresses.  Services like BNPL succeed in part because they’re extremely convenient for consumers to sign up for and begin using. However, there are some risks to retailers and to consumers, for example fraud from account takeover. But by balancing mitigating factors while ensuring a frictionless experience, new services that make shopping more seamless are going to continue to win in the future of digital commerce.  Traditional credit card companies have jumped into the BNPL opportunity As fintech brands like Klarna, Affirm, Openpay and Afterpay keep growing users, their success has also awakened traditional consumer lenders to the opportunity, and many are now finding ways to meet this demand to stay relevant and competitive.  Traditional credit card companies are creating novel services for their consumers to meet the need of BNPL as their popularity skyrockets. American Express, for example, launched ‘Plan It’ in 2017 and expanded last year as an alternative to traditional BNPL platforms. With Plan It, Amex credit card customers can make purchases using their card at any American Express-accepting merchant and pay them off over set periods of time. This option offers a fixed fee instead of interest and can be useful to plan the cost of a short-term loan.  Meeting the needs of an evolving payments landscape As the payments landscape continues to evolve, we are seeing traditional methods becoming staler while novel payment methods like contactless payments through digital wallets are taking off. BNPL is another choice in a growing landscape of innovation around purchasing and proving to be popular for mobile and online transactions where larger dollar purchases can often be reconsidered.  Add this to the federation of payment credentials stored by providers like PayPal or Amazon Pay, and you can see why offering alternative payment options like BNPL are getting so much adoption.  Just like traditional credit cards, BNPL is a good payment option when used responsibly. Where credit cards can help you build up credit and earn rewards, they're only good if you're spending within your means. The same holds true for BPNL loans. If you can make monthly payments on time, they can be great for making large purchases. But be honest with yourself. If you are in debt, BNPL may not be best for you and you might want to consider cash and debit as the more prudent options. ",655,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886293245,2021-03-23 08:28:19.899348,"World Happiness Report is out, with a surprising picture of global resilience",https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/wellness/world-happiness-report-united-states/2021/03/22/6343edac-8b28-11eb-9423-04079921c915_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_homepage,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"The pandemic proves we all should know ‘psychological first aid.’ Here are the basics. The happiness report relies on the Gallup World Poll, which asks respondents to rate their current life satisfaction on a zero-to-10 “ladder” scale, with a 10 representing “the best possible life for you.” It’s a “longer view” of happiness, as Sachs put it, and its steadiness aligns with what other U.S. Gallup polling and some European polling has found during the pandemic. Covid brought ‘manifestation’ back. But you can’t simply will your way to a better life. Stressors such as those we’ve experienced this year can encourage people to craft a different, big-picture concept of happiness. And this, psychologists say, can improve resilience. You’ve already likely taken the opportunity to examine your own big picture this past year, but, if you’ve been having difficulty, and because we’re not done with this pandemic, here are some strategies to help. The landing, he recalled, reminded him of life’s bigger (in this case, interplanetarily massive) picture. “What science has shown is that when you experience awe, that leads to a ‘shrinking of the self,’ ” Kross explained. “So our own problems feel smaller by comparison.” Perseverance, it seems, helped him summon the same. It’s no surprise that, according to this year’s happiness report, “the ability to count on others” was a “major” support to life evaluations in 2020. “Social support is by far one of the best ways to help people cope with any kind of adversity or stress or tragedy,” Lyubomirsky said, and it’s been crucial during the pandemic: drive-by birthdays, neighbors helping the elderly, regular Zoom or FaceTime check-ins with friends. But communing with others also expands our perspective. And if we’re facing a problem, or getting down on ourselves, those who know us well often see things we don’t. Psychological distancing refers to “kind of a perspective broadening,” Kross explained. After gaining some distance from a stressor, he said, we’re often better equipped to reengage. “You go on a date, it doesn’t go well, and you have all these negative thoughts like, ‘Oh, it was because I wasn’t attractive enough, or I was not interesting enough.’ A friend would never say that to you, right?” Lyubomirsky said. “It’s partly they’re being kind, but partly it’s a little bit objective. When we’re immersed in our own problems and wallowing in our negative thoughts, we’re not taking that big-picture perspective.” During the pandemic, Kross has been recommending and himself practicing a second version: temporal distancing, which involves imagining how you’ll feel about a current stressor sometime off in the future, perhaps a year from now, after it’s passed. Eurich recommended reflecting on questions like “What are the strengths or insights that I showed up with in facing the situation?” or “What have I learned about myself or about my most important relationships?” and considering how, amid a trying experience, you might be helping your future self. Reflecting on such questions, she said, can reveal growth or benefits the person hadn’t considered, even if it “doesn’t change its negative reality.” A new appraisal is a step toward tweaking your broader narrative. Of course, changing one’s narrative isn’t easy, and it might not always be feasible. But Kross, for his part, is welcoming a possible alternate narrative now on pandemic resilience. “The discourse right now is so much on the negative side of things, and for very good reason,” he said. “. . . But I do think that [this is] a story about hope.” Without dismissing the United States’ very real suffering, he said, “you’re seeing evidence of a society that is not crumbling.” 
 The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",619,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886304215,2021-03-23 01:00:00,Israel’s ‘Totally Crooked’ Prime Minister,https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2021/03/israel-election-benjamin-netanyahu/618358/?utm_source=feed,en,False,,1110,Atlantic,http://www.theatlantic.com/,"Only through November 30: Try subscriber newsletters for free As Israel goes to the polls, the country’s opposition leader sets out the risks Benjamin Netanyahu’s reelection would pose to ties with the U.S. Today, Israel will hold its fourth election in two years. This is a sign not of democracy on steroids, but instead of acute dysfunction, a semipermanent paralysis brought about, strangely, by the extreme stability of Israeli voting patterns: Neither the incumbent, Benjamin Netanyahu, nor his various opponents have been able to change enough minds to build a durable parliamentary majority. Netanyahu, who has been prime minister since 2009 (and served an earlier term from 1996 to 1999), is currently standing trial on bribery and fraud charges, and he is not paranoid to believe that an electoral loss will light a pathway to prison. (Such a loss would not result in mourning among his American critics, including many liberal American Jews and most Democratic Party leaders, who loathe Netanyahu for disrespecting Barack Obama and venerating Donald Trump.) Netanyahu is known for his canniness. He has outsmarted a generation of competitors from within his own Likud Party and from across the political spectrum. He has a plausible plan to remain prime minister: an alignment of convenience with a combination of far-right and ultra-Orthodox parties. The biggest threats to Netanyahu include parties led by two Likud defectors and the centrist Yesh Atid Party, the second-largest party in the Knesset, Israel’s parliament. Yesh Atid is led by Yair Lapid, a former television broadcaster and finance minister. Lapid might not become prime minister after this election (even he acknowledges that he has only a “fair chance”), but he has proved to be a resilient leader, one who has been serially underestimated but who now causes Netanyahu significant worry. I called Lapid last week to ask him to explain the convoluted nature of Israeli politics, and Netanyahu’s uncanny ability to save himself at the last moment. We also talked about the U.S.-Israel relationship, which is in danger, he said, if Netanyahu continues his seemingly endless reign. This interview has been edited for clarity and concision. Ben Judah: Bibi was right Now that he’s been indicted, especially, he’s gotten closer to this movement that [Hungarian Prime Minister] Viktor Orbán calls “illiberal democracy.” The one problem with illiberal democracy is that there is no such thing. If you’re illiberal, you’re not democratic. It’s not a real thing; it’s just a catchphrase. If you’re the leader of a democracy, you have to protect democratic values. He doesn’t care about these anymore. Micah Goodman: How to shrink the Israeli-Palestinian conflict I don’t blame Israel or Israelis for wanting to continue to exist. But the left said that we have to make a deal because it’s our fault. And the majority of Israelis, including me, say it’s not. Going back to our home, going back to Jerusalem—this is not our fault. And doing it from a point of strength—this can’t be wrong, especially after the Holocaust. ",499,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295586,2021-03-23 08:00:00,Why Organizations Need A Developer-Centric Security Approach,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbestechcouncil/2021/03/23/why-organizations-need-a-developer-centric-security-approach/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Getty The need for new applications on smartphones and tablets will help increase the demand for software developers, BLS says. As more and more products get “smarter” and need coding, and as organizations broaden their internet of things (IoT) initiatives, experienced developers will be all the more important. The problem is, in many industries, the supply of experienced developers is not keeping up with the demand. Companies simply can’t afford to lose these valuable assets by saddling them with unwieldy demands, such as building in security capabilities they can’t provide or don’t have the time to handle. The main goal of developers should be to create innovative, reliable and easy-to-use products that address specific customer needs. They are thinking about factors such as user experience, speed, robustness, maintainability, cost efficiency, agility, integrations with other products, etc. It is not their job to build security into these products. Many developers might not have experience in building security provisions into software products. A lot of them don’t want to do it because they think security features might have an impact on the quality, performance and usability of the applications they are creating. Given that user experience is such an important factor with applications today, developers will likely avoid anything that could potentially degrade that experience. This is not what IT and security leaders at organizations want to hear, however. When they do, they might be inclined to pull ranks, criticize the developers for inadvertently including bugs and other vulnerabilities in products, and ask them to start over in order to add the required security features. One of the top priorities of these executives is to ensure strong security, which naturally is important given the rising number and variety of threats and vulnerabilities. They’re getting pressure from CEOs and other senior executives, as well as boards, to emphasize security everywhere. With so many developers accessing workloads in the cloud today, cybersecurity is perhaps an even bigger concern for companies. Although cloud providers make it a point to provide optimal protection of clients’ data, whenever IT resources reside outside the corporate firewalls, that raises concerns about security and privacy. Developer-Centric Security One way to improve the relationship between developers and security executives and to ensure that security is part of the development process is to take a “developer-centric” security approach. With this method, companies make it easy for developers to include security in the development process without it becoming overly complex or time-consuming. Developers can access self-service tools that can be integrated with current workflows and automatically build security capabilities as products are being developed. Such tools can work alongside the developers as they are moving through the development process. Companies could get reports notifying them of misconfigurations related to administrator permissions, unused permissions, excessive full-access permissions and access to third parties. They’d also have access to runtime analyses that show things such as excessive permissions in policies, and these would automatically be resolved and prevented from occurring in the future. All of this happens without impacting the developer’s work. With this approach, providing security in effect becomes a “side” talent that developers possess, rather than a key focus of their efforts. The result for companies is that they get more secure software products without disturbing or overwhelming developers. Another positive aspect of this new approach to security has to do with culture. IT and security leaders can begin to treat developers more as peers or teammates, rather than as underlings who need to be watched over to make sure they are not security liabilities. They acknowledge and understand the challenges developers face and work to support and empower them to do what they do best and what they are hired to do — code and turn out great products. Empathy is also important. Anyone who truly wants to relate to software developers must get into their mindset, understand their challenges and adapt in order to help address these challenges. Executives can also adapt or expand communication channels that work for developers, so they can be in touch regularly with these workers. This is especially important with so many employees still working from remote locations such as home offices. Introducing contests and other team-building exercises can help improve morale, as can awarding accomplishments by the development team or individuals. By taking a developer-centric approach, organizations can enhance the security of their products and at the same time keep developers happy. ",737,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295393,2021-03-23 12:16:08,36 Dogs From Instagram That Give Me Immediate FOMO,https://www.buzzfeed.com/jasminevaughnhall/instagram-dogs,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"These dogs are just too cool. BuzzFeed Contributor The cutest pups, every day in your inbox All the most important cat stories of the week ",26,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886305811,2021-03-23 08:07:38,Attack witnessed on Zoom leads police to bodies of two stabbing victims,https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/attack-witnessed-zoom-leads-bodies-two-stabbing-victims-california-n1261793,en,False,,25499,NBC News,http://www.nbcnews.com,"Sections tv Featured More From NBC Follow NBC News Two people were fatally stabbed Monday afternoon in an attack that was partially captured on Zoom, the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department said. ""During the investigation, detectives learned that the female victim was conducting a Zoom call with a colleague, when the attack on the male occurred,"" the sheriff's department said in the release. ""The Zoom caller witnessed the attack on both the male and female and called 911 to report the crime."" As deputies investigated, they learned a vehicle was missing from the residence. At some point, a man drove up in the victim's missing car and said he lived at the home, according to the sheriff's department. That man, Robert Cotton, 32, was detained and booked on two counts of murder, authorities said. It was unclear what Cotton's relationship was to the victims. Altadena is a neighborhood about 15 miles north of downtown Los Angeles. Wilson Wong is a trends and culture reporter with NBC News.  © 2021 NBC UNIVERSAL ",171,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886305709,2021-03-23 08:06:57,Texas Democrat Shares Photos Of Overcrowded Migrant Detention Centers,https://www.huffpost.com/entry/photos-migrant-detention-centers_n_6059d61ac5b66a80f4eaac05,en,True,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"Administration officials have steadfastly refused to call the detention of more than 15,000 children in U.S. custody, or the conditions they’re living under, a crisis. But they have stymied most efforts by outsiders to decide for themselves. Biden’s national security adviser, Jake Sullivan, said Monday “the administration has a commitment to transparency to make sure that the news media gets the chance to report on every aspect of what’s happening at the border.” White House press secretary Jen Psaki added that the White House was working with homeland security officials and the Health and Human Services Department to “finalize details” and that she hoped to have an update in the “coming days.” Axios on Monday first published a series of photos taken inside the largest Border Patrol detention center, a sprawling tent facility in the South Texas city of Donna. The photos were released by Rep. Henry Cuellar, a Texas Democrat from the border city of Laredo. Cuellar said he released the photos in part because the administration has refused media access to the Donna tent. He said he also wanted to draw attention to the extreme challenges that border agents face in watching so many children, sometimes for a week or longer despite the Border Patrol’s three-day limit on detaining minors. “We ought to take care of those kids like they’re our own kids,” Cuellar said. Thomas Saenz, president of the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund, said the U.S. should allow media access to border facilities while respecting the privacy of immigrants detained inside. He noted the risk of sharing without permission images of children who have already faced trauma. “We ought to be aware of these conditions,” Saenz said. “People have to see them so that they can assess the inhumanity and hopefully embark on more humane policies.” The White House has prided itself on its methodical rollout of policy during its first 50-plus days but West Wing aides privately acknowledge they were caught off guard by the surge of migrants at the border and the resulting media furor. Republican lawmakers largely sat out the debate over administration’s $1.9 trillion COVID relief bill. While none of them voted for the package, their opposition was muted and they instead focused on culture war issues, like the debate over racial stereotypes in some Dr. Seuss books, rather than a bill that was broadly popular with GOP voters. But the GOP has grabbed on to the border situation with both hands, reviving the issue that was key to propelling Trump to the top of the Republican field in 2016. In 2018, the Trump administration detained hundreds of children in many of the same facilities being used now after separating them from their parents. The following year, hundreds of families and children detained at one West Texas border station went days without adequate food, water or soap. Biden has kept in place a Trump-era public health order and expelled thousands of immigrant adults and families, but he declined to expel immigrant children without a parent after a federal appeals court in January cleared the way for him to do so. He also moved to speed up the reunification of hundreds of separated immigrant families. “What Trump did was horrible,” Cuellar said. “These pictures show you that even under our best intentions, and the Biden administration has the best intentions, it’s still very difficult.” Cuellar said the White House needs to work more with Mexico and Central America to prevent people from leaving their home countries. The White House said Monday that key officials would go this week to Mexico and Guatemala. Sen. Chris Murphy, a Connecticut Democrat who visited a facility in El Paso, Texas, last week, told NPR, “We want to make sure that the press has access to hold the administration accountable.” The Associated Press has requested access to border facilities for more than a month. Reporters first asked Health and Human Services on Feb. 4 to allow entry into a surge facility re-opened at Carrizo Springs, Texas, holding hundreds of teenagers. And they have asked Homeland Security officials for access at least seven times to Border Patrol facilities, with no response. The AP has also petitioned Psaki to open border facilities. Border agencies under Trump allowed limited media tours of both Homeland Security and Health and Human Services facilities. Several of those visits revealed troubling conditions inside, including the detention of large numbers of children as young as 5 separated from their parents. Under Biden, the agencies also have denied full access to nonprofit lawyers who conduct oversight of facilities where children are detained. Those oversight visits occur under a federal court settlement. When lawyers this month visited the Border Patrol facility at Donna, where thousands of children are now detained, agents refused to let them inside and the Justice Department said they were not entitled to gain access. The lawyers were forced to interview children outside. The Justice Department declined to comment. The newly published photos released by Cuellar’s office show groups of children crowded together inside the partitions. Some appear to be watching television while others are lying on floor mats, some side by side. Children are shown wearing surgical masks but are close to each other. The Donna facility consists of large interconnected tents. Overhead photos taken by AP show enclosed outdoor areas where children can go. But lawyers who have interviewed children detained at Donna say some can go days without being allowed outside. The administration is rushing to open more space to get roughly 5,000 children out of Border Patrol detention and into Health and Human Services facilities that are better suited for youth. It has also tried to expedite the releases of children in HHS custody to parents and other sponsors in the U.S. But border agents continue to apprehend far more children daily than HHS is releasing, even though more than 40% of youths in the system have a parent or legal guardian who could take them. Meanwhile, the administration is seeing its emergency facilities for immigrant children approach capacity almost as quickly as it can open them. The downtown Dallas convention center has 1,500 teenagers less than a week after opening and is expected to take in 500 more teens Monday, according to HHS. Its current capacity is 2,300 people. ___ Lemire reported from New York and Merchant from Houston. ",1062,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886304206,2021-03-23 06:00:00,The Show That Changed Television Forever,https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2021/03/how-all-family-changed-american-tv-forever/618353/?utm_source=feed,en,False,,1110,Atlantic,http://www.theatlantic.com/,"Only through November 30: Try subscriber newsletters for free Like many children of the Great Depression, Lear found direction and structure in the military. After drifting through a few semesters at Emerson College, in Boston, he enlisted in the Army Air Force following Pearl Harbor and flew dozens of bombing missions over Germany. After a few years working as a Broadway press agent and, later, for his father, Lear made a decision that proved a turning point: He loaded his wife and infant daughter into a 1946 Oldsmobile convertible and pointed it toward Los Angeles. There, he hoped for a fresh start, but struggled to find work. He was reduced to selling furniture and baby photos door-to-door with a man named Ed Simmons, an aspiring comedy writer who was the husband of Lear’s cousin. One night, Lear helped Simmons finish a parody of a popular song he had been writing. When they found a nightclub singer to buy the song, their payday was only $40 between them, but that was enough to convince the two to drop their salesman’s satchels and plunge into a full-time writing partnership. Soon after, they caught the attention of industry insiders and began writing for an early television-variety show. Read: American cynicism has reached a breaking point Lear thrived in this world. He began to ricochet between Los Angeles and New York, mastering the breakneck pace of television production—he survived the constant deadlines, he later recalled, on Dexedrine to stay awake for all-night writing sessions and Seconal to sleep when they were over. He honed his sense of comedy, absorbing the rhythms of sketches that had to quickly grip an audience’s attention between singers and dancing acts. His work was skilled and professional, and his shows were sufficiently successful to constantly open new doors for him. Eventually, he and Simmons ended their partnership, and Lear took up with the director Bud Yorkin, with whom he created a production company that developed both television programs and movies for Paramount. Within a few years, millions would agree, but not until Lear met another World War II veteran who was an even more unlikely candidate to transform the nature of television. Wood started his career in ad sales for the CBS radio affiliate in L.A., KNX. By 1960, he’d risen up the ranks to become vice president and manager of the network’s local television affiliate. His elevation to that role anointed him as a prince in the CBS empire. The affiliate, KNXT, was one of the five TV stations around the country that the federal government permitted CBS to own and operate directly during this period. These “O&O stations” were concentrated in the largest markets and generated enormous profits. CBS granted great autonomy to O&O general managers like Wood and marked them as future leaders. The network also pushed managers to deliver on-air editorials, like those in local newspapers, but left them almost entirely free to decide the content. Wood was a gregarious boss, with a salesman’s effortless capacity to make friends and create camaraderie. He knew everybody’s name and had time to talk to anyone. “Didn’t matter who they were … he was your buddy,” Williams said. Wood’s politics were consistently conservative, reflecting the center of gravity in L.A. media and business circles during the 1950s and ’60s, in which he mingled easily. In 1962 and 1966, respectively, KNXT endorsed Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan for governor. In 1964, when the first demonstrations by the free-speech movement erupted at UC Berkeley, Wood, in one of his on-air editorials, called the demonstrators “witless agitators” and insisted that they “be dealt with quickly and severely to set an example for all time to those who agitate for the sake of agitation.” A few years later, CBS promoted Wood again, relocating him to the East Coast, where he took on a succession of top-level jobs. In early 1969, Wood was named president of the CBS Television Network, the company’s highest-ranking television position. But for all the power and profitability that CBS projected through the late ’60s, it couldn’t entirely ignore the social changes of the era. CBS faced disruption from the same demographic-driven transformation of its audience that had staggered the movie studios and sent weekly admissions in movie theaters plummeting through the ’50s and ’60s. Like Hollywood, the television networks faced a growing disconnection between their musty products and the young Baby Boomers whose swelling numbers and growing buying power were reshaping the market for popular culture. And Wood, with his grounding in Los Angeles, felt the tremors earlier than almost anyone else around him. Through the 1960s, the networks stubbornly looked away from the simultaneous earthquakes disrupting American life: the civil-rights and antiwar movements, the nightly carnage of Vietnam, the rise of the drug culture, the sexual revolution, and the feminist awakening. Instead, they mostly offered viewers a gauzy, pastoral vision of America. Read: TV captured Trump by looking away Wood had not been elevated to the presidency with a mission to transform the network. He arrived with no announced mandate or vision; nor did he hope to leave his mark on the culture. He didn’t talk about the network as a public trust; he saw it, unsentimentally, mostly as a vehicle to sell soap and cars. Michael Ovitz, then a young agent, recalled that no one in the creative community looked to Wood for insight. “He never read a script,” Ovitz said. “And if he did, no one cared what he had to say about it.” Neither did Wood feel any urge to provide a platform for the new voices and social movements agitating for change: Even after he moved to more liberal New York City, his politics remained anchored well right of center. Irwin Segelstein, a top CBS programming executive, later said of Wood, “Bob is really Archie Bunker. The radical-right Irish conservative.” The material had instantly detonated with Lear: The battles between the bigoted father and the liberal son-in-law reminded him of his own struggles with his father, Herman. In late summer 1968, he acquired the rights to the project and secured a contract from ABC to develop a pilot. Even with Wood’s support, the show faced formidable headwinds within CBS. William Paley, the autocratic chairman of the board, hated it from the outset, considering it vulgar. But Wood was determined. “Bob Wood had balls,” said James Rosenfield, an ad salesman at the time who went on to become the president of CBS. “He really had balls, and what I never understood to this day was how that happened, because Bob Wood came out of sales. He didn’t have any clout with the Hollywood community. He didn’t know Norman Lear, but he understood that there was an opportunity here for significant change in the medium, and he made it happen.” Read: The paranoid style in American entertainment This was all a bit much for CBS, especially the “Sunday morning” line—which clearly suggested that the young couple was on their way to have sex (during daylight, no less). The network insisted that Lear take it out; he refused. Wood offered a compromise: The line could stay in if Lear agreed to push the pilot episode back to the second week and run the projected second show first. Lear refused again. He believed the pilot episode presented “Archie in full,” with all his prejudices and animosities on open display. Airing it was like jumping into the deep end of a pool; CBS and Lear together would “get fully wet the first time out,” as Lear later described it. In what would become a common occurrence, Lear told Wood he would quit if CBS started with the second episode. ",1282,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295584,2021-03-23 08:00:00,Virtual Negotiations Are Here To Stay — Now What?,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinessdevelopmentcouncil/2021/03/23/virtual-negotiations-are-here-to-stay---now-what/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Getty From many conversations with business colleagues, it seems that there are three categories of thought when it comes to the pandemic and its impact on the world of business, especially sales negotiations. Some believe that things will return to what they were in the pre-Covid-19 years. Many believe that we are in an entirely new normal where the business environment has permanently changed. Then there are those, like myself, who believe the answer lies somewhere in the middle. Yes, things have changed dramatically over the past year, and some of those changes will stay with us. The sales profession has undergone a profound transformation, especially in the B2B world, from the established face-to-face (F2F) model, to one where the entire sales cycle, even on big-ticket purchases, is often conducted virtually. However, just as negotiation skills were critical for a field sales force where much of the negotiation was conducted F2F, they are even more important when the communication occurs over a Zoom video call, telephone or email. So, let’s tackle two topics. First, what changes will remain with us into the future, and what will we revert to when regular business travel is possible. Second, what disciplines are critical to hybrid sales negotiations — those engagements that involve every medium that makes the process — and participants — efficient. Changes That Will Likely Stay With Us Logistics are easier — no one has to travel or book hotels and flights. Schedule coordination is simplified when most of us are working from home offices. We are generally more productive when we don’t have to spend time on planes, trains and automobiles. Everyone should have ready access to relevant data to address agenda items. Of course, the savings are tremendous, something most companies will be reluctant to give up post-pandemic. And why, or when should they?  If you already have a good relationship with a client, and you can serve them effectively without travel, the efficiencies provided by remote work will operate in your favor. The opposite may be true when you are trying to establish a new relationship. You may need more in-person due diligence to obtain relevant information and earn client trust. This is likely to make your investment in generating new business more costly on a relative basis.  Some reversion back to doing things face-to-face will be forced by competition. Those who invest the time to see clients or prospects will put pressure on rival companies to do the same.  On the opposite side, many are finding their clients and prospects more accessible in a remote environment. Clients also have less time lost traveling between meetings so are scheduling more calls without having to worry about traffic or catching a plane. You can meet them in a Zoom, WebEx or Teams call and still enjoy a collegial dialogue speaking about your surroundings or unique Zoom background before diving into the business agenda. Managing The Risks Of Virtual Negotiations  So, what do we have to beware of as we move forward, virtually or not? There are risks as well as advantages to many aspects of virtual sales and negotiations. Those who manage discipline better will maximize the advantages and minimize the risks.  Let’s explore the following areas of activity: Resources, Roles And Rules Of Engagement To minimize the risks and maximize the advantages of working virtually in these areas, we need to manage the three ""Rs"": resources, roles and rules of engagement. Managing resources means ensuring that the people with the skills and responsibilities to make progress on the specific meeting agenda are present. This means not only that your own team is prepared but also ensuring that your counterparts from the other side agree to participate. Managing this part of the process enables you to move productively from meeting to meeting and toward closure.  This overlaps with roles, which includes defining each participant’s responsibility for preparation, timing and the role they will play in the session. Meeting roles include assigning tasks for taking notes, keeping time and ensuring all agenda items are addressed. For each item, is it closed or open; if left open, who has responsibility for that item going forward?  Rules of engagement capture roles and responsibilities, and answers ""How will we interact?"" This includes responsibilities for handling specific categories of questions and issues. What do we do if...? How do we handle surprises? Part of setting rules of engagement is a discussion about multitasking and distractions. Generally, I prefer no multitasking unless specifically called for in the meeting to address a particular question. Cell phones and text or instant messaging are to be turned off unless specifically related to the meeting. The expectation is that each participant is fully engaged for the time allotted. Practicing the three Rs is necessary to maintain credibility and momentum to closing. It is part of each negotiator’s responsibilities and will provide you a mechanism to maximize the advantages and minimize the risks of virtual negotiations. And, it is a great discipline to develop for your eventual return to face-to-face meetings. ",843,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886306501,2021-03-23 08:06:38,Several Injured in Large Fire at New York Assisted Living Home,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/nyregion/evergreen-nursing-home-fire-spring-valley.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by A resident and firefighter were killed after a blaze tore through a facility in Spring Valley, N.Y. Send any friend a story When firefighters arrived at the building, the Evergreen Court Home for Adults in Spring Valley, N.Y., flames were ripping through it. As the fire spread toward the roof, dozens of people were fleeing. Emergency responders and staff began carrying some residents out, then returning to help others evacuate. “It’s one of your worst nightmares,” said Rockland County’s fire coordinator, Chris Kear. “It’s not your typical house fire where there’s five or six residents. You’re talking about an adult care facility where you have over 100 people.” As firefighters continued to fight the flames on Tuesday morning, officials announced that one male resident had died after being taken to a nearby hospital. And early Wednesday morning, officials said they had recovered the body of a firefighter — one of the first to report to the scene — who had previously been unaccounted for. Rockland County’s executive, Ed Day, and the Rockland County Volunteer Firefighters’ Association identified him as Jared Lloyd. Mr. Lloyd, a volunteer firefighter with the Spring Valley Fire Department who had 15 years of experience, had been trying to rescue a resident from the third floor of the facility when he made an emergency “mayday” call, Mr. Kear said. Then the section of the building that he was in collapsed. “Jared Lloyd gave his life in service to others,” Mr. Day said on Wednesday. “He searched as the building burned, determined to rescue anyone who may have been trapped. His loss is devastating. There is no other way to put it.” The losses were devastating, but officials were quick to note that they could have been far worse. For hours overnight, more than a hundred firefighters from about 25 squads rushed to the scene. They helped between 20 and 30 residents get to safety, then tried to keep the fire from spreading as the sun rose. “Many, many people were rescued from this fire,” Mr. Day said. “Much of the damage that could have happened even worse was stopped by those brave firefighters and all the support mechanisms around them.” Hours later, rescue teams were still searching for Mr. Lloyd. A small excavator was brought in to remove rubble from the collapse, and cadaver dogs had arrived to search for bodies amid the smoldering wreckage. It was not until around 11:50 p.m., nearly a full day after the fire began, that his body was pulled from the debris. At least 13 residents were taken to nearby hospitals with injuries related to the fire, officials said. One remained in critical condition on Wednesday morning. Two firefighters were also injured and were expected to recover, Mr. Kear said. The authorities had not yet identified the resident who died, Mr. Kear said. Denise Kerr, the director of the Evergreen Court facility, said in a statement on Tuesday afternoon that all 112 residents had been accounted for. The residents were being placed in new homes in the region with the help of the state Health Department. Ms. Kerr said the facility had opened its own inquiry into the fire, and that it was cooperating with state and local investigators. None of the facility’s staff had been injured, a representative said. “Our staff was truly heroic in evacuating residents who were inside the building as the fire spread, and we are forever grateful to the first responders whose actions undoubtedly saved lives,” Ms. Kerr said. In a statement, Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo said state agencies would assist with an investigation into the fire’s cause and oversee the transfer of the facility’s residents to other homes. “My heart breaks for those who lost loved ones in the fire, and we pray that anyone else involved is safe,” Mr. Cuomo said. “The state will continue providing whatever support is needed to ensure that happens.” Mr. Kear and other officials declined to speculate on the cause of the fire, saying that they were looking through the rubble and searching for any security camera footage or witness accounts that could help explain it. But the fire, which primarily involved one half of the building, was powerful enough to cause the second floor of the facility to collapse. As the day stretched on, firefighters were still struggling to completely extinguish flames that were jumping from the remnants of the building into the early afternoon. Fire trucks and personnel continued to arrive in shifts all Tuesday morning, spraying water on the debris. Smoke and flecks of white ash floated toward a housing community near the site of the fire. The heat was sufficient enough to melt the siding on some buildings nearest to the facility. Edgar Cajas, 50, said that overnight, the wind had carried burning debris toward his home near the facility. He climbed to his roof to spray water on the flames with a garden hose, while his family and neighbors gathered outside and watched the massive building burn. It was a scene of “desperation,” he said. Mr. Kear said that the building’s age may have played a role in the speed at which the fire spread. He did not provide more details on the building’s construction but noted that the facility had a “partial sprinkler system.” “This is a very old building,” Mr. Kear said. “It has been several types of buildings in the past.” No further details about the violations were available, and it was unclear whether they were resolved. The Health Department did not list any enforcement actions against the facility, and neither a spokesman for the Health Department nor the building’s owners responded to requests for comment. Officials with Spring Valley’s buildings department, which is responsible for fire code and building code inspections, did not respond to a request for comment. Advertisement ",974,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886305909,2021-03-23 07:34:23,Trustpilot surges in stock market debut as tech companies flock to London,https://www.cnbc.com/2021/03/23/trustpilot-surges-in-ipo-as-tech-firms-flock-to-london-stock-market.html,en,False,,1755,CNBC,http://www.cnbc.com/,"LONDON — Online reviews site Trustpilot surged in its stock market debut Tuesday, becoming the latest tech firm to list in London in what is shaping up to be a busy year for the city. Shares of the Danish firm climbed as much as 16% from the offer price of £2.65 ($3.65) Tuesday, which gave the company a valuation of £1.1 billion. The IPO raised about £473 million in total, with existing investors selling 161 million shares and the company itself issuing 17.6 million shares. Meanwhile, London-based online pensions platform PensionBee on Monday announced plans to list in the U.K. capital. Money transfer app TransferWise and cybersecurity firm Darktrace are also expected to go public in London later this year. The flurry of tech listings will provide a much-needed boost to London's financial markets, amid fears that the city could lose ground to other European financial hubs like Amsterdam in the wake of Brexit. It appeared to be enough to give Deliveroo the confidence to list in the U.K., as the company announced its London IPO plans a day after the report's recommendations were published. Deliveroo opted for a dual-class share structure which will gives its CEO, Will Shu, extra voting rights for three years. ""Everyone was talking about Amsterdam until this listing change that was put forward,"" Sten Saar, CEO of digital insurance provider Zego, told CNBC. ""Everyone put the brakes on Amsterdam to look at the London opportunity."" ""Several founders of companies who are potentially thinking of listing in Europe are now reconsidering those things for London,"" Saar, a former Deliveroo executive, added. The City of London also wants to become a destination for SPACs, or special purpose acquisition companies, which have become commonplace on Wall Street. Also known as blank-check firms, SPACs are essentially shell companies that list publicly with the aim of acquiring a privately-held business. High-growth tech companies are common targets for SPACs. Though 2020 was a banner year for SPACs listed in the U.S., Britain has missed out on the boom. One of the key reforms recommended in the U.K.'s listings review is to allow for SPACs that are structured similarly to those in the U.S. A common complaint about London-listed SPACs is that trading gets suspended once a takeover deal is announced. Johnny Boufarhat, CEO of U.K. virtual events start-up Hopin, said that ""people keep trying to sell"" him the idea of going public via a SPAC, but he is yet to be convinced. Zego's Saar said his company had no immediate plans for a listing, but warned that merging with a SPAC ""for the sake of doing it makes no sense for any business."" Zego recently raised $150 million at a $1.1 billion valuation. Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. ",515,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886304194,2021-03-23 06:00:00,The Curious Case of Florida’s Pandemic Response,https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2021/03/the-curious-case-of-floridas-pandemic-response/618360/?utm_source=feed,en,False,,1110,Atlantic,http://www.theatlantic.com/,"Only through November 30: Try subscriber newsletters for free Liberals predicted that Florida would get destroyed by its laissez-faire approach to COVID-19. Conservatives said the state was the future of the economy. What if they were both wrong? But the closer I looked, the more holes I found in the simple pro-Florida narrative. From the September 2020 issue: How the pandemic defeated America Political tug-of-wars over Governor DeSantis’s record and photos of swimsuit parties are currently guiding the debate over coronavirus policies. But guided by statistics, I would have identified a different pandemic hero. Vermont has the second-lowest COVID-19 death rate in the country (just behind Hawaii) and the third-lowest unemployment rate (after South Dakota and Utah). To the extent that winning a pandemic is possible, Vermont really is winning the pandemic. I called the demographer quoted in the story to ask him if that headline could possibly be true. And guess what? It isn’t. “The idea that as many people are leaving Florida as arriving is not an accurate description of our projections,” said Stefan Rayer, of the University of Florida’s Bureau of Economic and Business Research. “We think hundreds of thousands more Americans migrated to Florida last year than moved out.” His group did estimate that Florida’s population growth is slowing down, but that is almost entirely due to declining immigration from outside the U.S., a rise in deaths, and a sudden and shocking decline in births. In fact, deaths exceeded births in Florida for the first time in history last year. From the July/August 2020 issue: The dark side of the Sunshine State If you’re looking for an ethnically diverse coastal state with a large Latino population, spectacular weather, an outspoken tech presence, routine encounters with the furies of climate change, and rapidly rising housing costs that pose a threat to long-term population growth, Florida fits the bill almost as well as the blue state that Floridians love to hate, California. If Florida doesn’t address its housing problem, it could suffer from some of the same problems as its lockdown antithesis. ",345,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886296021,2021-03-23 08:19:11,Fighting resumes in Gaza as cease-fire crumbles,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/fighting-resumes-in-gaza-as-cease-fire-crumbles/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295579,2021-03-23 08:00:00,Sallie Krawcheck Leads Ellevest To A Landmark $1 Billion In Assets Under Management,https://www.forbes.com/sites/maggiemcgrath/2021/03/23/sallie-krawcheck-grows-ellevest-to-1-billion-in-assets-under-management/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Ellevest founder and CEO Sallie Krawcheck “It actually has been compounding, as you sort of expect assets under management to do, where the first $10 million took forever, the second $10 million takes less, and so on,” Krawcheck, who is also Ellevest’s CEO, says. She acknowledges that the service more than doubled its assets under management (AUM) in 2020 but says this was not entirely the result of a rebounding market boosting the value of users’ portfolios—instead, it came from clients consistently shuffling money into their Ellevest accounts. When you survey women about what they want from a financial company, the number one thing they say is, ‘I want to earn more money at work.’ And then the whole industry ignores them.  Ellevest has 123,000 clients with an average account size of $8,000. While the typical user is a woman in her 30s who is also saving money in a 401(k) at work, Krawcheck notes that Ellevest has investors ranging from 18 to 106 years old. A small portion of the business also focuses on higher-net-worth clients; a “triple digit” number of accounts hold $1 million or more, which is a demographic Krawcheck did not originally intend to address with Ellevest, but the events of recent years changed her mind. “With #MeToo, we got enough demand for it,” she says, explaining that a turning point came when a wealthy woman told her, “‘Look, I’m tired of supporting the companies and institutions that haven’t supported me. And I don’t want to have my money managed by any company I wouldn’t let my daughter work at.’ And I’m, like, well . . . done.” Carving out a place for higher-net-worth investors isn’t the only change Krawcheck has made to Ellevest in recent years. A longtime Wall Street executive—for more than a decade, she ran Sanford C. Bernstein, Smith Barney, Citi Wealth Management and Merrill Lynch—she’s building Ellevest into something more holistic than a straight investing solution: Over the last year she added a savings account and debit card product to Ellevest’s offerings, along with “a really significant array” of coaching services including certified financial planners, executive coaches and money coaches.  The executive coaches came directly from user feedback: “When you survey women about what they want from a financial company, the number one thing they say is, ‘I want to earn more money at work,’” Krawcheck says. “And then the whole industry ignores them.” She also switched up Ellevest’s fee structure after listening to customers: the 0.5% management fee, which had existed since the firm’s inception, was replaced last summer with three flat-rate membership options. Customers can pay $1, $5 or $9 a month (there are discounts if you purchase on an annual basis). “There are some number of these [types of companies], and we’re one of them, where, I guess it’s not surprising, this didn’t come along before because the industry is so, so male and making so much money,” she says. With $1 billion under Ellevest’s belt—and $92 million in funding, though it is not yet profitable—what’s next? “$2 billion, $3 billion, $4 billion, $5 billion, world domination?” she winks. It’s a joke—but this time, Krawcheck is the one laughing.  ",534,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886306500,2021-03-23 08:29:01,"Live Updates: 10 Killed in Boulder, Colo., Grocery Store Shooting",https://www.nytimes.com/live/2021/03/23/us/boulder-colorado-shooting/,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"The suspect was convicted in 2018 of misdemeanor assault against another student at his high school, and fellow students recall him as having a fierce temper. Suspect in hand, investigators hunt for a motive in the Boulder shooting. Biden calls for action on gun violence after two mass shootings in a week. She thought it might be her last phone call: ‘I just told them I loved them.’ Across states, a checkerboard of gun laws reflects a partisan tilt. The suspect was prone to angry outbursts, according to former classmates. A judge recently blocked Boulder from enforcing its assault-weapon ban. transcript “The suspect has been identified as Ahmad Alissa, 21, of Arvada. He has been charged with 10 counts of murder in the first degree, and will be shortly transported to the Boulder County jail.” “Families that are grieving today woke up today without their loved ones, including an officer who bravely died in the line of duty protecting this community, Officer Talley. His service and his sacrifice will never be forgotten.” “There was this exchange of gunfire, which suspect was shot. No other officers were injured. The suspect was taken into custody at 3:28 p.m. He was transported to the hospital for treatment, now in stable condition.” “Our objective is to conduct a thorough and meticulous investigation. The F.B.I. is involved because the resources we can bring to bear to support our law enforcement partners and the investigation. At this time, we are supporting evidence collection. We are supporting processing the crime scene. We are conducting interviews and we are providing analytical support as we exploit all the evidence that is collected.” “The eyes of the nation are on Boulder. The eyes of the nation are on Colorado. And every level of law enforcement, federal, state and local, is working together to make sure that we can bring justice.” A police affidavit made public on Tuesday said that last week he bought a Ruger AR-556 semiautomatic pistol — essentially a shortened version of an AR-15 style rifle, which fires the same small-caliber, high-velocity ammunition, first developed for battlefield use. Statements from the police and the charging documents did not make fully clear what models of weapons he used in the attack, and whether the Ruger was one of them. The suspect’s identity was previously known to the F.B.I. because he was linked to another individual under investigation by the bureau, according to law enforcement officials. When he was a senior at Arvada West High School, Mr. Alissa was convicted in 2018 of misdemeanor assault against another student in a classroom, and told the police at the time that it was in retaliation for insults and ethnic taunts. Fellow students recall him as having a fierce temper that would flare in response to setbacks or slights. Among the victims of the massacre on Monday was Officer Eric Talley, 51, with the Boulder Police Department, who had responded to a “barrage” of 911 calls about the shooting, Chief Maris Herold said. The authorities identified the nine additional victims as Denny Stong, 20; Neven Stanisic, 23; Rikki Olds, 25; Tralona Bartkowiak, 49; Suzanne Fountain, 59; Teri Leiker, 51; Kevin Mahoney, 61; Lynn Murray, 62; and Jody Waters, 65. Chief Herold said at a news conference that police officers had run into the King Soopers grocery store within minutes of the shooting and had shot at the suspect. No other officers were injured during the response, she said. She said Mr. Alissa was taken to a hospital for treatment of a leg injury Court records show he was born in Syria in 1999, as did a Facebook page that appeared to belong to the suspect, giving his name as Ahmad Al Issa; the page was taken down within an hour of his name being released by the authorities. Michael Dougherty, the Boulder County district attorney, said the suspect had “lived most of his life in the United States.” Mr. Alissa was a wrestler in high school and the Facebook page listed wrestling and kickboxing as being among his interests, and many of the posts were about martial arts. One, in 2019, said simply, “#NeedAGirlfriend.” The shooting came just six days after another gunman’s deadly shooting spree at massage parlors in the Atlanta area. “Flags had barely been raised back to full mast after the tragic shooting in Atlanta that claimed eight lives, and now a tragedy here, close to home, at a grocery store that could be any of our neighborhood grocery stores,” Colorado’s governor, Jared Polis, said at the news conference. Chief Herold said the coroner’s office had identified all of the victims and notified their families before 4 a.m. Tuesday. A video streamed live from outside of the grocery store on Monday had appeared to show a suspect — handcuffed, shirtless and with his right leg appearing to be covered in blood — being taken from the building by officers. Employees and shoppers inside the grocery store described a harrowing scene. “I thought I was going to die,” said Alex Arellano, 35, who was working in the store’s meat department when he heard a series of gunshots and saw people running toward an exit. The authorities in Boulder, Colo., on Tuesday identified the 10 victims of the King Soopers grocery store shooting.  Among the victims was Officer Eric Talley, 51, with the Boulder Police Department, who had responded to a “barrage” of 911 calls about the shooting. Authorities identified the nine other people who were killed as Denny Stong, 20; Neven Stanisic, 23; Rikki Olds, 25; Tralona Bartkowiak, 49; Suzanne Fountain, 59; Teri Leiker, 51; Kevin Mahoney, 61; Lynn Murray, 62; and Jody Waters, 65. Here is what we know about the victims so far. Rikki Olds, a 25-year-old who loved the outdoors, was a front-end manager at King Soopers, where she had worked for about seven or eight years, her uncle, Robert Olds, said. Ms. Olds was an energetic, bubbly and “happy-go-lucky” young woman who “brought life to the family,” he said.  The whole family is in shock, particularly Ms. Olds’ grandmother, who raised her. “My mom was her mom,” he said. “My mom raised her.” Eric Talley, an 11-year veteran of the Boulder Police Department, was described as “heroic” by Chief Maris Herold.  “The world lost a great soul,” said Officer Talley’s father, Homer Talley. “He was a devoted father — seven kids. The youngest was 7 and the oldest was 20, and his family was the joy of his life.”   Ms. Murray was a former photo director for several New York City magazines, her husband said. The couple moved from New York in 2002, first to Stuart, Fla., then to Colorado, to raise their two children.  “I just want her to be remembered as just as this amazing, amazing comet spending 62 years flying across the sky,” said her husband, John Mackenzie.  Tralona Lynn “Lonna” Bartkowiak, 49, managed a shop in Boulder that sold yoga and festival clothing, said her brother, Michael Bartkowiak of Roseburg, Ore. “She rented a house outside Boulder,” he said, “and lived there with her little Chihuahua, Opal. She had just gotten engaged.” Teri Leiker, 51, had worked for about 30 years at King Soopers, according to her friend, Alexis Knutson, 22.  Ms. Knutson met Ms. Leiker through a program called Best Buddies that connects students at University of Colorado Boulder and members of the community with intellectual and developmental disabilities. They attended C.U. sporting events together, and Ms. Leiker loved to cheer on the teams. Ms. Knutson struggled to comprehend what had happened. “The fact that this happened is just devastating, especially somewhere where she goes to work every day,” she said.  “My dad represents all things Love,” she said on Twitter. “I’m so thankful he could walk me down the aisle last summer.” “I am now pregnant,” she said. “I know he wants me to be strong for his granddaughter.”  Denny Stong, 20, had worked at King Soopers for several years. A high school friend described him as one of the kindest people she had ever met. Neighbors knew Suzanne L. Fountain, 59, as a prolific gardener who passed a steady stream of tomatoes, lettuce and basil over the wooden fence surrounding her yard. “She would always share her abundance with us,” said Laura Rose Boyle Gaydos, who until recently lived next door.  Ms. Fountain was an actress in the early 1990s, appearing in productions at the Denver Center for the Performing Arts. More recently, she found a creative outlet at eTown, a nationally syndicated public radio show produced in Boulder.  In 2018 she embarked on a new career, advising people turning 65 about how to apply for Medicare. Neven Stanisic, 23, had been fixing coffee machines at the Starbucks inside the supermarket, and was in the parking lot, just leaving, when he was gunned down, said the family’s priest, the Rev. Radovan Petrovic. Mr. Stanisic was the son of Serbian refugees who had fled Bosnia during the 1990s. His Facebook page is filled with anime drawings, and his profile picture shows him posing with friends from his Lakewood, Colo., high school. He was the shining hope, Father Petrovic said, “of a family who, like many refugees, had come with basically nothing but their lives, to start a new life here.” President Biden said Tuesday that he was “devastated” by the killing of 10 people at a grocery store in Boulder, Colo., and called on Congress not to “wait another minute” in enacting legislation to ban assault-style weapons and high-capacity ammunition magazines. “This is not and should not be a partisan issue — it is an American issue,” a somber Mr. Biden said in brief remarks delivered in the State Dining Room at the White House. “We have to act.”  “Another American city has been scarred by gun violence and the resulting trauma,” he said. The following year, when a gunman targeting Latinos in El Paso, Texas, killed 22 people, there were nine such shootings. “Those were the worst years on record,” said Jillian Peterson, an associate professor of criminal justice at Hamline University in St. Paul, Minn., and a co-founder of the Violence Project, a research center that studies gun violence. “Atlanta was a week ago and now it’s Boulder,” said Meredith Johnson, a 25-year-old Boulder resident, on Monday as she was walking on a sidewalk across the street from the King Soopers grocery store where the shooting occurred. “What is it going to be two weeks from now?” Earlier on Tuesday, Vice President Kamala Harris, speaking at an event in Washington, praised the “heroism” of Eric Talley, a Boulder Police officer killed while responding to the shooting. Mr. Biden also praised the officer’s efforts and offered his condolences to his “close, close family” of seven children. Maggie Montoya was in the pharmacy distributing coronavirus vaccine shots when the first gunshot cut through the busy aisles of the King Soopers grocery store in Boulder, Colo. One person waiting in line for a vaccination was shot dead, Ms. Montoya said, and she and her co-workers raced for cover in back rooms behind the pharmacy counter. Ms. Montoya and another co-worker, huddled in what the pharmacy team calls the counseling room, dialed 911. But as gunshots boomed just outside the door, Ms. Montoya decided she had a more urgent call to make. “I hung up and called my parents instead,” she said. “I wanted to hear their voice, for them to hear my voice in case it was the last time. I just told them I loved them and I had to go.” Ms. Montoya heard the shooter yelling something indistinct as she hid in the counseling room, then the blare of a police loudspeaker as officers ordered him to surrender. Ms. Montoya recalls him saying, “I surrender. I’m naked.” As they waited to be rescued, she got on the phone with her boyfriend, and he narrated the chaotic scene outside — officers rushing to the building, SWAT units descending on the roof. Eventually, the police cleared the supermarket of threats and led Ms. Montoya and her colleagues through the bloody aisles and out of the building, urging them to avert their eyes. But not far from the cash registers at the entrance, Ms. Montoya said she recognized the body of a co-worker, a head clerk who had regularly visited the stressed-out pharmacy workers throughout the pandemic to check in. Her co-worker, whom she declined to name, had just gotten vaccinated and was excited about plans to get a new tattoo. A professional runner, Ms. Montoya had moved to Boulder for its active running scene and world-class trails. But on Tuesday, her father was flying into Colorado to help her gather some things and leave so she could be with her family. She said she spent the past hours replaying again and again the bloodshed she saw inside the store. “Just reliving,” she said. The diverging efforts reflect the national checkerboard of state-by-state gun laws that align with the partisan tilt of each state, while Congress has not addressed gun violence with meaningful legislation since 1994, when a 10-year ban on assault weapons was included in the crime bill championed by now-President Biden. Since the 2012 massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut killed 20 first-grade students and six adults, 13 states, all controlled by Democrats, have enacted or expanded background checks for new gun purchases. Meanwhile, 14 states, all controlled by Republicans, have passed laws allowing their citizens to carry guns with no permit process at all, as the Iowa legislation would do. The political divide on gun policy across the states is another example of the way national issues — including abortion rights and, in the post-Trump era, voting rights — are defining local politics. Ahmad Al Aliwi Alissa, the man accused of killing 10 people in a grocery store attack in Colorado, had a history of angry outbursts, according to police records and people who knew him, including one that resulted in a misdemeanor assault conviction when he was still in high school. According to a police affidavit, just a week ago, he bought a Ruger AR-556 pistol — essentially a shortened version of an AR-15 semiautomatic rifle. On Monday, law enforcement officials say, Mr. Alissa, 21, who lived in Arvada, Colo., went to a King Soopers store in nearby Boulder and killed 10 people. When he was a senior at Arvada West High School, he beat up another student during a class, leading to the assault conviction; a fellow student said he flew into a rage “out of nowhere.” A police report from the November 2017 incident said he “got up in classroom, walked over to victim & ‘cold cocked’ him in the head,” knocking him to the floor, and then “punched him in head several more times.” The report said Mr. Alissa stated that the other student had “made fun of him and called him racial names weeks earlier.” Others also recalled examples of Mr. Alissa’s temper, sometimes in response to slights. Mr. Alissa, a wrestler, had friends in high school, but also had an anger problem, said a classmate, Brooke Campbell, who was the wrestling team manager. “When he’d lose wrestling matches, when it’s something not that important, he’d get too angry,” she said. “It’s scary, you know, looking back, that you knew someone that was capable of those things, or is now,” Ms. Campbell said of the shooting. The police affidavit, released on Tuesday, said Mr. Alissa bought the Ruger firearm on March 16, and that his brother’s girlfriend saw him playing with what she thought looked like a machine gun just two days before the shooting. The authorities have said he had a rifle and a pistol with him during the assault, but it is not clear if one of those weapons was the Ruger bought last week. He was charged on Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder, which in Colorado carries a penalty of death or life in prison without parole. Officials have not suggested a motive for the crime. Michael Dougherty, the Boulder County district attorney, said the suspect had “lived most of his life in the United States.” Both the suspect’s criminal record and a Facebook page that appeared to belong to him say he was born in Syria in 1999. The police affidavit described Mr. Alissa as standing 5 feet 6 inches tall and weighing 200 pounds. That is far more than the 140 pounds listed from his arrest in November 2017, when he was a high school senior; a few months later he was found guilty of third-degree assault, and sentenced to probation and community service. Mr. Alissa apparently had a serious interest in martial arts. The Facebook page listed wrestling and kickboxing as being among his interests, and many of the posts were about martial arts. One Facebook post, in 2019, said simply, “#NeedAGirlfriend.” The page said he had studied computer engineering at Metropolitan State University of Denver, but a university spokesman, Timothy Carroll, said the suspect “is not nor has ever been an MSU Denver student.” The Facebook page was taken down within an hour of Mr. Alissa’s name being released by the authorities. The suspect’s identity was known to the F.B.I. because he was linked to another individual under investigation by the bureau, according to law enforcement officials. The city of Boulder enacted bans on assault-style weapons and large-capacity magazines in 2018 following the school shooting in Parkland, Fla. But a state district court judge ruled this month that Boulder could not enforce the bans. Law enforcement officials said on Tuesday that the gunman who killed 10 people at the King Soopers grocery store in Boulder on Monday used an AR-15-type rifle, a kind of weapon that the city ordinances were intended to restrict. The judge rejected the city’s arguments that the home-rule provisions of the state constitution gave it the power to adopt the bans as a matter of local concern, and that they were necessary because the state did not regulate such weapons. As of last week, lawyers for the city had not said whether they planned to appeal. An appeals court found that Denver had the right to adopt reasonable gun regulations despite that law. When the decision was appealed, the State Supreme Court deadlocked 3-3 with one recusal. That left the appellate decision, and the Denver ban, in place, but it did not set a binding precedent for other cases. “They’ve experienced the worst of the worst,” said Kim Cordova, who represents more than 25,000 grocery and other workers in Colorado and Wyoming — including those at the King Sooper store that was attacked — as the president of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 7. “They’ve seen horrible behavior by customers — spitting on them, slapping them, refusing to wear masks — but they were the first to be heroes,” Ms. Cordova said. The union, U.F.C.W., which also represents meatpacking employees and other workers, said in a statement that at least four of its members in Colorado had died of Covid-19 since the pandemic began, and that at least 155 grocery workers across the country have died. Ms. Cordova said her union had pushed for more security in grocery stores as customers grew more aggressive. And while she cautioned that it was not yet clear what the motive of the gunman was, she said grocery store workers have increasingly come under threat on the job since the pandemic began. “We have seen this behavior become more aggressive and violent,” she said, “and this has really traumatized these employees.” Aug. 4, 2019: An entertainment district in Dayton, Ohio Aug. 3, 2019: A Walmart in El Paso, Texas Oct. 27, 2018: A synagogue in Pittsburgh. Feb. 14, 2018: A high school in Parkland, Fla. Nov. 5, 2017: A church in Sutherland Springs, Texas Oct. 1, 2017: A concert in Las Vegas June 12, 2016: The Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Fla. transcript “I could ask for a moment of silence for the mass shooting in Boulder last night, and after that is completed, I could ask for a moment of silence for the shooting in Atlanta six days ago. And after a minute, I could ask for a moment of silence for the 29 mass shootings that occurred this month in the United States. But in addition to a moment of silence, I would like to ask for a moment of action. Prayer leaders have their important place in this, but we are Senate leaders. What are we doing?” “Like many Americans, I cherish my right to bear arms in the dialogue about gun control. We rarely consider how many Americans are united in their advocacy and enjoyment of this right.” “America awoke today to another nightmare. Stunning, shocking, savage, but unsurprising. Inaction has made this horror completely predictable. Inaction by this Congress makes us complicit.” “And every time there’s a shooting, we play this ridiculous theater. Where this committee gets together and proposes a bunch of laws that would do nothing to stop these murders.” “In addition to a moment of silence, I would like to ask for a moment of action,” said Senator Dick Durbin, Democrat of Illinois, and the chairman of the committee. “A moment of real caring. A moment when we don’t allow others to do what we need to do. Prayer leaders have their important place in this, but we are Senate leaders. What are we doing?” But the twin pieces of legislation passed in the House have been deemed too expansive by most Republicans — only eight House Republicans voted to advance the universal background check legislation. The bills would almost certainly not muster the 60 votes needed to clear a filibuster in the Senate. Senator Chuck Grassley of Iowa, the top Republican on the panel, said in his opening remarks that he was hopeful Democrats and Republicans could work together to make “bipartisan, common-sense” progress on gun control. But he said that the House-passed legislation did not fit that bill, since the measures passed almost entirely along party lines. “That is not a good sign that all voices and all perspectives are being considered,” Mr. Grassley said. Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, went further, lashing out at Senator Richard Blumenthal, Democrat of Connecticut, who said that Republicans had offered “fig leaves” rather than actionable, significant solutions to gun control. “Every time there’s a shooting, we play this ridiculous theater where this committee gets together and proposes a bunch of laws that would do nothing to stop these murders,” Mr. Cruz said. “But what they propose — not only does it not reduce crime, it makes it worse.” The King Soopers grocery store in the Boulder, Colo., neighborhood of Table Mesa was a place that many people in the community knew well — including the state’s governor.  Others who were in the store at the time of the shooting described panic as shots rang out. “I thought I was going to die,” said Alex Arellano, 35, who was working in the store’s meat department when he heard a series of gunshots and saw people running toward an exit. Representative Joe Neguse of Colorado said mass shootings could not be the “new normal.”  “In this year of separation due to Covid, of loss and of loneliness, grocery stores like King Soopers have been one of our consistent gathering places, one of the few routine activities that we’ve continued to engage in as Coloradans and as Americans,” Mr. Neguse said. “It’s hard to describe what it means for this safe place to see a horrible tragedy like this unfold.” ",3957,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886304188,2021-03-23 06:15:00,Why There’s a Partisan Split on Sexual Harassment,https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2021/03/why-democrats-dont-tolerate-sexual-harassers-office/618363/?utm_source=feed,en,False,,1110,Atlantic,http://www.theatlantic.com/,"Only through November 30: Try subscriber newsletters for free Democratic voters are more likely than Republicans to draw a connection between abuses of power in personal relationships and abuses of power in public office. Read: The deepening partisan split over sexual misconduct In the study, respondents were introduced to a hypothetical candidate for office named Jamie Easton. A control group read a two-paragraph biography, while the rest of the participants read the same text with one sentence tacked on: “During the election, two former staffers went public with an accusation that Easton had groped and sexually harassed them while they worked together three years ago; it was revealed the parties settled a lawsuit about the matter.” In addition, a portion of the Republican participants were told that Easton was a member of the GOP, while a portion of the Democratic participants were told that he was a Democrat. My co-author and I found that 37 percent of all voters were still willing to vote for Easton, despite the accusations. However, while 57 percent of Republican voters said they were willing to support such a candidate from their own party, only 39 percent of Democratic voters said the same. Conservative respondents tended to question the validity of the allegations, or to downplay their importance. “He is a good candidate, but I would worry [whether] the allegations are true or not,” one woman said, explaining her support. “He has done really good things for his community.” Another woman was convinced “that his personal tendencies are immoral,” but also that “this is a common trait in many men—especially those in power.” She would vote for him, she added, “due to the greater good he could do … Unless there was a viable candidate that had his track record AND was morally superior, only in that case would I change my opinion.” Liberals, for their part, tended to take the allegations at face value, and to express concern about the candidate’s abuse of power. Easton sounded qualified, one woman wrote, “but misused their authoritative position to commit a crime and possibly for some sort of biased gain.” One Democratic man was concerned that the candidate was “someone who takes advantage of his position in power,” while another wrote that the candidate was a “man in power who uses that to intimidate women.” Like any such study, it provides a snapshot of opinion, which changes over time; in the 1990s, most Democrats responded to allegations of sexual harassment and assault against Bill Clinton in much the way that most Republicans did here. But the gap between the reactions of Democrats and Republicans today helps explain why Trump was able to sustain his position, whereas Cuomo faces significant pushback from leaders of his own party, and seems more likely to follow in the footsteps of Democrats such as former Senator Al Franken and former Representatives John Conyers and Ruben Kihuen, whose political careers ended after such allegations. The study used a hypothetical, but it was carefully constructed to match the pattern that allegations against politicians usually follow. Many of the women who raise allegations are assistants or schedulers; they are not equal partners with the capacity to rebuff advances without fear of repercussion, and the propositions from politicians are not typically made out of romantic interest. The acts the women describe—unwanted touching, groping, harassment—take place within that relationship of unequal power. And that’s precisely the point: The propensity to sexually harass and assault women is a marker of a willingness to abuse power. David A. Graham: Cuomo tries the Trump defense Some voters are clearly inclined to disbelieve claims of such behavior, or to dismiss them as irrelevant. But Cuomo also faces allegations of covering up the COVID-19 mortality rate in long-term-care facilities, and Trump became the first president to be impeached twice—the first time, for abusing the power of public office. The voters who rejected the hypothetical candidate believed that allegations of sexual harassment and assault—abuse of power in a personal relationship—would foreshadow other abuses of the power of public office. The evidence suggests they were right. ",683,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886296019,2021-03-23 08:20:11,"Ukraine's foreign minister calls for ""bilateral cease-fire""",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/ukraines-foreign-minister-calls-for-bilateral-cease-fire/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295575,2021-03-23 08:00:00,Wide Receiver Kendrick Bourne Ready To Earn His Keep With New England Patriots,https://www.forbes.com/sites/oliverthomas/2021/03/23/wide-receiver-kendrick-bourne-ready-to-earn-his-keep-with-new-england-patriots/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"In the hours after the NFL’s negotiating period opened on March 15, the New England Patriots agreed to terms with Kendrick Bourne. The wide receiver, signed to a three-year, $15 million deal, hopes to prove it was the right one. Bourne, 25, entered the league as an undrafted free agent with the San Francisco 49ers in 2017. The Eastern Washington product has gone on to appear in 58 games and make 13 starts through four regular seasons, catching 137 passes for 1,769 yards and 11 touchdowns. After being tendered by the 49ers at the $3.259 million second-round restricted level last March, Bourne visited the end zone on plays that spanned 19 yards against the Miami Dolphins in October and 49 yards against the Dallas Cowboys in December. Bourne would set career highs with 49 receptions and 667 receiving yards on targets from quarterbacks Jimmy Garoppolo, C.J. Beathard and Nick Mullens, as well. And he would do so under the tutelage of his position coach, former All-Pro Patriots receiver Wes Welker. “He told me it was a great place, a great decision I picked and how they work hard there,” Bourne recalled of his New England conversations with Welker. “Everything is earned. That was the biggest thing. When I heard that, to come to a place where you can earn everything, go out there and play, showcase and earn your keep, it was a no-brainer.” Now, the contract Bourne penned with the Patriots brings $5.25 million guaranteed between his $4.25 million signing bonus and $1 million base salary for 2021. “I think my skillset fits the offense well,” Bourne said. “I can do different things. Wherever they want to put me is my main thing. I’m just here to do what I’m asked to do. If I got to run the same route 50 times, I’m going to run the same route 50 times, 50 different ways. I just feel like I can do anything. I can run a new route. I’m definitely excited. They’re going to turn it around in one year, I can honestly see it.” Bourne will step into a New England wideout room that currently features Julian Edelman, Jakobi Meyers, N’Keal Harry, Gunner Olszewski, Kristian Wilkerson, Isaiah Zuber, Devin Smith and fellow newcomer Nelson Agholor from the Las Vegas Raiders. “I feel special. They could have went and got anybody,” said Bourne. “There’s so much talent out here, man. I’m just grateful for the opportunity. They’ve seen something in me. They’ve seen that I fit well somewhere they want to use me. So, like I said, my job is to come in and do exactly what they want me to do. I know they’ll put me in a position to be successful. It’s my job to know the playbook, know the ins and outs of the organization and all that kind of stuff so I can be successful and be a reason they gave me this money.” ",491,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886296274,2021-03-23 06:00:04,A Mexican mother tried to escape her abuser. She was one of 13 migrants to die on a California highway,https://news.yahoo.com/mexican-mother-tried-escape-her-100004137.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"Weeks before Carolina Ramírez Pérez died in a packed SUV on a desolate California highway 15 miles from the Mexican border, her husband had begun bringing a machete to bed. Ramírez Pérez, 32, and her husband, Martín Ruiz López, had gotten together in an arranged marriage when she was still in middle school, her brother told the Guardian. For more than half her life, she had lived with abuse, violence, threats and drunken outbursts, he said. Earlier this year, her husband had started talking to his machete, her brother said. “‘Should I kill her? Should I kill her today?’” Ramírez Pérez told her brother she heard her husband wonder. She started plotting her escape. She begged family and friends for the money to send her children over the border safely. Then she gathered three of her four children and traveled three days by bus from her home in La Mixteca, in the state of Oaxaca, to the Mexican border. With the kids safely across, she got into a maroon 1997 Ford Expedition in the early hours of 2 March. Inside the SUV, 23 migrants were packed body-to-body in the back, authorities later said, with all the seats except those of the driver and front passenger removed to create optimal space. Including the driver and front passenger, the car carried more than three times the number of people meant to safely ride in the vehicle. She was coming here to live safely and to start a chapter where her kids could live safely Cynthia Santiago In the dusty farming town of Holtville, California, a semi-truck hauling two trailers slammed into the left side of the SUV just as the first rays of the sun began to break. Ramírez Pérez was one of 13 who died in the crash. Heartbroken, her family and immigration advocates lament a US immigration system that could force a woman in a desperate search for safety to seek such dangerous avenues to cross the border. “She wasn’t coming here to live an American dream,” Cynthia Santiago, an attorney for the family, said in an interview. “She was coming here to live safely and to start a chapter where her kids could live safely. She just wanted to live.” “Carolina shouldn’t have had to die,” said Odilia Romero, the executive director of the Comunidades Indígenas en Liderazgo, a not-for-profit for the Indigenous community. ••• The Ford Expedition had driven through a 10-ft gap in the border fence between Mexico and the US just minutes before the crash, according to US border patrol. For Ramírez Pérez, it had been a decades-long journey to get to that point. Ramírez Pérez dropped out of school after her arranged marriage, said her brother, who lives in the US and asked not to be named out of fear of retribution from Ramírez Pérez’s husband. She was a couple months away from graduating middle school. She was a serious girl, dedicated to her family, her brother said. The violence started soon after she got married, he added. Ramírez Pérez gave birth to her first daughter in her late teens, her brother said, and shortly after left her daughter to go to the US and earn more money for the family. The couple had a son while they were in the US. They moved around, and in 2012, they moved in with Ramírez Pérez’s older sister. After witnessing the abuse, however, her sister called the police, according to the brother. Ruiz López was charged with spousal battery, criminal threat with intent to terrorize, and trying to dissuade a witness by threat, according to court records in Santa Barbara county, California. He pleaded no contest to dissuading a witness and was deported. The Guardian was unable to reach Ruiz López for comment. Back in La Mixteca, Ruiz López called Ramírez Pérez and threatened to harm their daughter, who had stayed behind in Mexico, if she didn’t come back to him, said Xiomara Corpeño, a board member for Comunidades Indígenas en Liderazgo. She returned, and the violence got worse. “He wasn’t just violent toward her,” her brother said. “He was violent toward the kids. He’d hit them with whatever was available, with cables, with cords. It wasn’t like a push or a punch or a pulling of hair or ears. He wanted to kill her and the only thing he was missing was the final courage to do it.” Ramírez Pérez fled to her mother’s home, but her husband would send his friends around to intimidate her, according to the family. Finally, she knew what she had to do to keep her family safe, her brother said. She left her 14-year-old daughter with her mother, having just enough money to take her 10-year-old and two-year-old sons and five-year-old daughter with her on the three-day bus ride from the pueblo, her brother said. They arrived in the border town of Tijuana about a month before she died. There was a sense of urgency and fear in her every move, according to her family. “She didn’t want to be stuck at the border for that long because she didn’t know if he would find her,” her brother said. “She wanted to get to where we were, where we could protect her and the kids. She didn’t know what he would do if he would find her and the kids.” The first step was to make sure the kids would be safe. “Her plan was to then find someone to help her cross through the mountains and through the desert,” her brother said. “She didn’t want them to have to walk across the desert with her.” By borrowing $14,000 from family and friends, she got her three young children over the border to her brother and sister before her without any problems. [US] border policy is set to create really dangerous situations for people to deter people from migrating Erika Pinheiro She then learned of a way that she could cross by car, her brother said, believing it to be much safer than the desert trek. The night before her departure, the guide who Ramírez Pérez paid $12,000 to get her over the border kept moving her. Every few hours, she would message her brother to let him know where she was. At 1am, she messaged him that she was getting into the car. “I responded, ‘Sister, please take care of yourself. I’ll see you soon’,” he said. ••• The SUV that Ramírez Pérez rode in was one of two that entered the hole in the fence that day – California highway patrol found a red Suburban up in flames about 10 miles from the crash site, with 19 migrants hiding in the brush nearby. “My family, my friends, we’ve been in those situations,” said Dulce Garcia, the executive director of the not-for-profit Border Angels. “‘Duck down. Make yourself small so the border patrol doesn’t see you’. In those little tiny cars, I remember those old Honda Hatchbacks, you can fit so many people stacked up. It’s so dangerous. For all of us that crossed that border without paperwork, it’s painful to think it could have been our parents, it could have been us, it could have been our siblings, our own family members.” The number of people seeking to enter the US has risen in recent months. Joe Biden has kept in place a restrictive Trump-era public health order that barred entry to migrants arriving at the border without prior authorization, essentially ensuring that no new asylum claims have been processed at points of entry for more than a year. But the pandemic, cartels and extreme climate events have created conditions so desperate that many migrants are willing to take grave risks. “Our border policy is set to create really dangerous situations for people to deter people from migrating,” said Erika Pinheiro, the litigation and policy director at the immigrant legal aid organization Al Otro Lado. “But it doesn’t deter migration, it just leads to more deaths, whether it’s an overheated tractor trailer or an SUV crash.” Ramírez Pérez thought she would be going through the line at the border, not through a hole in the fence, said Corpeño, the Comunidades Indígenas en Liderazgo board member. She may have misunderstood the guides. Spanish was her second language – she primarily spoke Mixtec, an Indigenous language. Because of her husband’s arrest for spousal abuse in the US in 2012, Ramírez Pérez could have qualified for a U visa – a visa for crime victims, immigration advocates said. It was unclear how much Ramírez Pérez understood about what was available to her in terms of her rights at the time of her husband’s arrest. What little paperwork she received was in Spanish, said Cynthia Santiago, the family attorney. The immigration system is difficult enough to understand for anybody, let alone a woman who was forced to drop out of school in middle school and had language barriers, Santiago said. “The system is so much more complex, especially when you add the layers of her education and language,” she said. And even if she had pursued the visa, the wait time for a U visa in 2012 was about two to three years, said Santiago. Now, it’s about five to six years. “The amount of time for a U visa to go through the system was something that Carolina didn’t have,” Santiago said. “She didn’t have the privilege to just wait it out. She was in a situation where he was threatening to hurt her and her children.” Ramírez Pérez’s brother hopes that people can understand that “we take this risk because people are in danger”, he said. “It’s not because we want to.” He gets choked up when he thinks about how close he was to reuniting with the sister he had not seen in seven years, to bringing her together with her children, to showing her what a safe life could be. “It would be so different if [the government] actually listened to people who needed help,” he said. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean Billie gave roaring '20s glamour with a touch of her trademark edge, layering a lace-trimmed ivory bustier over a sheer top embroidered with the Gucci G logo. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. ABC's Jonathan Karl predicts the House select 6 committee investigating the Jan. 6 attack will be looking to get hold of this next. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Chelsea Clinton was congratulated by her parents, former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, at the finish line Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. A look for the history books. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. The investigation is laying bare the extent of the conspiracy to derail the Trump campaign and thwart his presidency. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family “Some describe true friends as choosing your own family. I say it’s more like choosing your own army.” Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? ",2094,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886304183,2021-03-23 06:30:00,We Must Confront Anti–Asian American Hate Crimes,https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2021/03/we-must-confront-antiasian-american-hate-crimes/618366/?utm_source=feed,en,False,,1110,Atlantic,http://www.theatlantic.com/,"Only through November 30: Try subscriber newsletters for free Far too few of our leaders have spoken up. The pandemic has been challenging for all of us, but Americans of Asian descent have had to deal with an additional crisis that accompanied the arrival of COVID-19: an alarming increase of hate, vitriol, and harassment directed at them simply because of their ethnic backgrounds or national origin. This disturbing reality has only recently spilled out into public view, but it’s nothing new for Americans of Asian descent. Over the past year, we’ve heard countless horrifying stories from friends and family about what they’ve endured. Asian Americans are being harassed at the grocery store, blamed for the coronavirus crisis, and yelled at to “go back to China.” Morgan Ome: Why this wave of anti-Asian racism feels different But these statistics simply quantify what we already know. Asian American communities throughout the country are facing challenges that they have not seen in many years—perhaps decades. Too often, these attacks don’t receive the attention that they should. As a result, the victims are less likely to tell their stories, because they’re not sure it will make a difference. We urge leaders across the country, in both the public and private sectors and across the political spectrum, to clearly and forcefully denounce the hate. Far too few have spoken up directly to condemn these acts. Words—or the lack thereof—matter. But words should be accompanied by action. In Maryland, we are directing state and local law-enforcement agencies to increase their enhanced-visibility patrols to keep our communities safe, issuing awareness bulletins to help ensure the safety of Asian-owned businesses, and launching a campaign to encourage victims and witnesses to report incidents to Maryland’s hate-crimes hotline. At all levels of government, policy makers should address the linguistic and cultural barriers that prevent Asian Americans with limited English proficiency from interacting with and accessing law-enforcement services. Congress should pass legislation that improves and fully funds data collection and reporting of hate crimes against Asian Americans. Federal prosecutors and law enforcement should vigorously investigate alleged hate crimes against Asian Americans and fully enforce existing civil-rights laws. Alex Wagner: Our Asian spring Beyond the policy changes, however, leaders should remind all Americans that what we have in common binds us together as one nation, regardless of ethnicity or national origin. Our nation is strengthened by immigrants and the descendants of those who came to America looking for a better life. Every day, we wake up with the hope that we can create a better life for our families. In America, such opportunities aren’t limited to people of one race, religion, or ethnic background. That’s part of what makes our nation special. But today, it feels as if our country is being torn apart by those who would seek to divide us based solely on our identities. The hate behind these attacks is not driven by patriotism. It is driven by a misplaced fear of the “other.” But the victims—Asian Americans throughout our country—are not the “other.” They are our fellow Americans. ",511,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886296014,2021-03-23 08:21:10,Passage: The happiest - and unhappiest - cities,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/passage-the-happiest-and-unhappiest-cities/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295571,2021-03-23 08:00:00,Taco Bell Is On An ‘Explosive Growth Trajectory Fueled By Its Franchisees’,https://www.forbes.com/sites/aliciakelso/2021/03/23/taco-bell-is-on-an-explosive-growth-trajectory-fueled-by-its-franchisees/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"If there is any silver lining from this past year in the restaurant space, it’s that we now have a few solid case studies from brands that fared pretty well despite the crisis.  Count Taco Bell among them.  Perhaps most notably, Taco Bell is riding the pandemic-induced digital wave-turned-tsunami, with its digital sales mix approaching 20% and generating about $1 billion for the full year 2020. There’s no reason to believe this momentum won’t continue with the launch of its iterative loyalty program and the diversification of its real estate assets to appeal to digitally-native consumers.  “We want you to order ahead and quickly reorder and get to a point where we direct you to an easier experience. That’s where we’re all running to–a seamless, easy experience for the customer,” Mike Grams, president and global COO, said during an interview last week.  Indeed, several quick-service and fast casual chains are running toward a digital-centric real estate model. Grams believes Taco Bell will maintain a favorable position amid the growing competition, however, because the drive-thru has always been a strength for the brand. The company is also making investments in the back-of-the-house to support its growing digital business; for example adding a third production line and a new kitchen display system. “They called me during the first month of the pandemic and said, ‘We think digital is going to accelerate. Let’s build a drive-thru location to accommodate this,’” Grams said.  These new real estate assets, combined with the brand’s traditional restaurants and its Cantinas, make up an increasingly diversified and flexible portfolio for Taco Bell, aimed at meeting consumers’ growing omnichannel demands accelerated by the pandemic.  That Cantina design, by the way, was also introduced by a franchisee–Diversified Restaurant Group, which owns 216 Taco Bell locations across three states. Taco Bell’s franchisee-inspired portfolio is expected to help the company achieve its goals of hitting $20 billion in sales, 50% in digital sales, and 10,000 global locations. Domestically, with the new Go Mobile design in the mix, Taco Bell has a clear path to its next 1,000 restaurants, Grams said.  “The last six months have really shown us the power of our franchisees and their entrepreneurial spirit in this business,” he said. “We’re on an explosive growth trajectory fueled by our franchisees playing a much bigger role–not just by putting capital behind their restaurants, but in contributing to that creativity the brand is known for. All of us are focused on the idea of merging the mobile connection with the human experience right now.”  As such, there is urgency behind Taco Bell’s mobile-focused development plans. The company expects to open about 50 Go Mobiles this year, for example. None are currently open yet.  “Our franchisees see this as a no-brainer. The question we have now is how do we get these prototypes out to the market quickly,” Grams said.  “[Diversified] invented the idea of the Cantina and the concept does well. It is digital meets human connection come to life in a restaurant. That experience is built for a consumer that has adapted to mobile and order ahead,” Grams said. “So many times, you hear what a brand wants to do and all the work that is done to get franchisees excited. This is the reverse of that.” When Diversified Restaurant Group comes up with such ideas, Ellison said they “bombard” the executive team at Taco Bell.  “We have good and healthy discussions. Our confidence level is extremely high with Taco Bell. They had no reason to give us a chance to open our first Cantina in 2015, but they gave us a shot. We tend to push limits and they bring us back a bit, but we get there together,” Ellison said. “There’s no reason not to believe Taco Bell isn’t willing to stay ahead of trends in QSR and doing things that others haven’t wrapped their head around yet.”  His Diversified Restaurant Group recently opened a suburban Cantina in Danville, California, that has Grams “particularly excited,” as it exemplifies a marriage between convenience and experience. During the throes of the pandemic, the restaurant was open for takeout only. Now, it boasts an outdoor dining area with 70 seats, a lawn and two fireplaces, and has attracted a loyal family crowd.  Diversified Restaurant Group has other models in the works, too, including another California Cantina planned to open later this year that will feature gaming components, complete with consoles throughout the restaurant for kids. Additionally, the company is working on a sports-themed Cantina location in Kansas City with an indoor/outdoor bar, and a Go Mobile location in Las Vegas, both of which are slated to open by the end of this year.  “Our assets are uniquely positioned to test and bring along the brand. We were fortunate to find some really unique assets that were all positioned well for kiosk use and mobile technology and delivery,” Ellison said. “Our San Francisco Cantina generated 90% of its sales through digital channels during parts of the pandemic.” These numbers illustrate an interesting position overall for Taco Bell. The company is developing a smaller footprint, mobile-first model while simultaneously leveraging digital in its Cantina models without compromising their experiential nature, complete with frozen cocktails and gaming and DJs. That is intentional.  “For Taco Bell to be leading the rebound, we have to be ready to show consumers an experience that they historically have not had,” Ellison said, adding that now is the right time to build such models because consumers will be ready to come back to in-restaurant experiences by the end of the year. From a corporate perspective, Grams said Taco Bell is on track to achieve its ambitious pre-pandemic goals because its franchisees are pushing the brand to be creative. “What makes Taco Bell special is that collaboration. The premise of that collaboration is us listening to each other and being committed that we don’t just force things, but ultimately do things together,” Grams said. “When the system works like that, you can really grow the brand.” ",1021,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886287048,2021-03-23 07:11:48,Most Americans say the pandemic has been bad for their weight,https://news.yahoo.com/most-americans-pandemic-bad-weight-215944579.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"More women (45%) reported weight gain than men (39%) but men reported a higher average gain at 37 pounds, compared to the women's average of 22 pounds. The study also broke down the data by age group, finding 48% of millennials reported weight gain. This group reported the highest average weight gain at 41 pounds. Just over half of Gen Z adults reported undesired weight gain, with an average gain of 28 pounds.  Dr. Angela Fitch, vice president of the Obesity Medicine Association, told CBS News she finds the numbers reported by millennials ""striking."" ""As an obesity medicine specialist... I find it to be alarming, for sure,"" Fitch said. ""But you can see where it could be the case. I mean, it's been a very challenging year, on multiple levels.""  Fitch, who is associate director of the Massachusetts General Hospital Weight Center, said she has seen patients at the center who have struggled with weight due to the pandemic. ""I've had a lot of patients back that say they gained weight, that I used to see before the pandemic and were doing quite well with weight loss,"" Fitch told CBS News. Fitch said that if further data backs up the self-reporting of the APA survey participants, and Americans really have gained that many pounds, ""it's going to be a significant issue for us in the United States.""  ""I haven't seen any data on this yet,"" Fitch said. ""So, I don't know if we have anything better to report on than this [survey]."" The survey found groups most impacted by weight gain were also among those who experienced extra challenges during the pandemic: parents and essential workers. About half of each group reported undesired weight gain, with parents reporting an average gain of 36 pounds and essential workers an average gain of 38 pounds. ""We have seen a lot of patients of ours that are nurses that express that quite a bit, that they've had weight gain, because of the stress and because it's hard to eat now in the hospital — taking off your mask to drink, to eat, is a challenging situation, so it does make for eating potentially not as healthfully or skipping meals and then eating more in one sitting,"" Fitch said.  The survey also found 18% of participants reported undesired weight loss, shedding an average 26 pounds.  Weight changes weren't the only issue reported in the survey. Many people also said they experienced unwanted changes in sleep patterns and increased alcohol consumption. Sixty-seven percent said they have been sleeping more or less than desired since the pandemic started, and 23% reported drinking more alcohol to cope with their stress. Fitch added that drinking more alcohol certainly attributes to higher calorie intake. ""That, being home more, eating more out of stress, and stress in and of itself is a known factor in weight gain and obesity,"" she said.  Dr. David Agus on what you can and can't do after full COVID-19 vaccination Doctor on U.S. health officials questioning AstraZeneca vaccine clinical trial results Psychiatrist on how racism, hate crimes are detrimental to emotional health “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean The concerns about Alabama and its vulnerability lead to Cincinnati replacing the Crimson Tide in the playoff field of this week's bowl projections. Prosecutors won’t be pursing most charges against Heiry Calvi, the pregnant ex-Doral teacher accused of having a romantic relationship with a 15-year-old male student. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. A look for the history books. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Chelsea Clinton was congratulated by her parents, former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, at the finish line Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. The investigation is laying bare the extent of the conspiracy to derail the Trump campaign and thwart his presidency. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family “Some describe true friends as choosing your own family. I say it’s more like choosing your own army.” Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? ",938,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886304165,2021-03-23 06:30:00,What Biden Really Learned in the Senate,https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2021/03/what-joe-biden-really-learned-senate/618367/?utm_source=feed,en,False,,1110,Atlantic,http://www.theatlantic.com/,"Only through November 30: Try subscriber newsletters for free The president drew a crucial lesson from his years in the Senate, but it wasn’t about the primacy of bipartisan cooperation. In September, one political observer cast a gimlet eye on then-candidate Joe Biden’s theory about contemporary politics: He believes that once Trump is gone, Republicans on Capitol Hill will return to the low-key, courteous mien that Biden remembers (or thinks he remembers) from his long career in the Senate. Rather than relentlessly attacking these Republicans, Biden has chosen to reach out to them. The writer acknowledged that this approach might well help Biden win the White House but added, “If he wins, he’ll struggle to turn his theory of politics into real success.” David A. Graham: Biden is in denial about the Republican Party I thought that Biden’s frequent paeans to the Senate of yore meant that he would prioritize cutting deals across the aisle above all. During his presidential campaign, Biden was happy to encourage this impression. But there’s another, contradictory lesson of the old Senate, and it’s the one that Biden has followed thus far as president: You do whatever it takes to get things done. When Biden joined the Senate, that meant working with senators of all stripes and cutting deals to get your legislation through. That doesn’t work these days, or at least there’s little evidence that it does; hardly anyone tries, in part because the political risks outweigh the political benefits. But cramming legislation through on a party-line vote using the obscure parliamentary procedure known as reconciliation does work in a 50–50 Senate with a Democratic vice president. Read: The old Senate is hardwired into Joe Biden Purdum’s view has aged well—much better than mine. The scope of Biden’s accomplishment in pushing through the COVID-19 package has been understated. While Biden’s 2019 prediction that “you will see an epiphany occur among many of my Republican friends” once Donald Trump was out of the White House has not held up well, it also hasn’t mattered much so far. One reason is that Republicans are in disarray. Although they have not suddenly come around to the Democratic view, and every Republican in Congress voted against the COVID-19 package, the GOP was also unable to mount any serious opposition, or even a rhetorical stand, against it. The bill’s passage seemed almost anticlimactic, despite the huge sum attached. Franklin Foer: Joe Biden has changed David A. Graham: Biden’s gaffe exposed the crack in his coalition Besides, it takes two to bipartisan, and Republicans show little serious interest in engaging. When Biden was making compromises in the Senate, he was doing so to get what he wanted. If he can get what he wants in another way, he’ll do that, too. The experience of the COVID-19 package is the best indication we have so far about how Biden might manage the rest of his term, especially until the 2022 midterms, and it reflects the real lessons he learned as a senator all those years ago. You can’t teach an old dog new tricks, but sometimes old dogs know more tricks than they let on. ",525,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886296009,2021-03-23 08:22:11,Nature: Texas Horned Lizards,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/nature-texas-horned-lizards/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295566,2021-03-23 08:00:00,Aspen Group Stock Drops 24% In A Week – Chance Of A Turnaround?,https://www.forbes.com/sites/greatspeculations/2021/03/23/aspen-group-stock-drops-24-in-a-week--chance-of-a-turnaround/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Five Days: ASPU -24%, vs. S&P500 -0.8%; Underperformed market (2% likelihood event) Ten Days: ASPU -21%, vs. S&P500 1.9%; Underperformed market (4% likelihood event) Twenty-One Days: ASPU -32%, vs. S&P500 -0.02%; Underperformed market (7% likelihood event) Out of 43 instances in the last ten years that Aspen Group stock saw a five-day decline of 24% or more, 31 of them resulted in ASPU stock rising over the subsequent one-month period (21 trading days). This historical pattern reflects 31 out of 43, or about a 74% chance of gain in ASPU stock over the coming month   ",97,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886286996,2021-03-23 06:11:15,Trump accuses media of ignoring Biden fall on Air Force One: ‘The whole thing is incredible’,https://news.yahoo.com/trump-accuses-media-ignoring-biden-101115739.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"File Image: Former US President Donald Trump addresses the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) held in the Hyatt Regency on 28 February 2021 in Orlando, Florida Speaking in an interview on conservative TV station Newsmax, Mr Trump suggested his successor, who is 78, might soon be replaced by his vice president Kamala Harris. “That tumble was terrible. It wasn’t really one, it was three, and it wasn’t mentioned for the most part in the lamestream,” lamented the former president. “The whole thing is incredible. There’s no longer freedom of the press.” Read more: Biden and Trump news live: Latest US politics updates Trump rants about Dr Seuss and claims China will kill us all in return to Fox News UFO report to be published soon detailing ‘difficult to explain’ sightings, former intelligence director says Here are all 29 lawsuits Trump is facing now that he’s left office Asked if he was “shocked” by the apparent disparity, Mr Trump told Newsmax: “I expected it. Actually, when I went down the ramp at West Point, which was like a sheet of ice with no railing, no nothing - great planning - I wanted to go inch by inch because the last thing I wanted to do was take a tumble like Biden did,” Mr Trump said. Mr Trump repeated his earlier taunts that the Democrats would end up using the 25th Amendment to declare Mr Biden unfit to lead and replace him with Ms Harris. “Now, well, a lot of people said when they brought it out because it takes a while to institute and when they brought it out, they said they really need it for Biden, just in case he gets in. So we’ll see,” said Mr Trump. “Look, I hope — that’s a very serious thing and I hope that never happens,” he added. Mr Trump also implied that his successor may be suffering a mental decline to the point that he may not comprehend the executive orders he’s signing. “There’s something going on, it’s crazy. What’s happening is crazy and you wonder whether or not all of the things that he’s signing, whether or not he understands what he’s signing, because this is worse than Bernie Sanders at its worst point. We never thought this could happen. Bernie Sanders on steroids wouldn’t be signing what this guy is signing,” Mr Trump said. Mr Biden has signed through dozens of executive orders since entering the White House, more than 20 of which have been direct reversals of Trump policies. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean Billie gave roaring '20s glamour with a touch of her trademark edge, layering a lace-trimmed ivory bustier over a sheer top embroidered with the Gucci G logo. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. ABC's Jonathan Karl predicts the House select 6 committee investigating the Jan. 6 attack will be looking to get hold of this next. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Chelsea Clinton was congratulated by her parents, former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, at the finish line Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. A look for the history books. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. The investigation is laying bare the extent of the conspiracy to derail the Trump campaign and thwart his presidency. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family “Some describe true friends as choosing your own family. I say it’s more like choosing your own army.” Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? ",845,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886307327,2021-03-23 07:02:00,"Bond Report: Treasury yields fall as market readies for Powell testimony, debt auctions",http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?guid=%7B21005575-02D4-D4B5-4572-D32C5D09212D%7D&siteid=rss&rss=1,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,"Treasury yields fell for a second day Tuesday as the market parsed testimony from the Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell and Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen, in their first of two days of talks about the U.S. economic recovery from the COVID pandemic in front of congressional lawmakers.  Debt investors also digested some $60 billion in short-term government paper, which was viewed as the first leg of a test of the market’s ability to absorb some $180 billion in Treasurys, experts said.  Bond prices rise as yields fall.  Bond-market investors have been focused on rapidly rising yields of Treasurys on concerns about a pickup in inflation in 2021 as the economy recovers with help from President Joe Biden’s $1.9 trillion fiscal stimulus, but the week so far has offered some respite from the steady selloff in bonds.   Part of the pullback in yields has been attributed to the extension of COVID lockdowns in Europe, which has tamped down some optimism about a rapid recovery from the pandemic.  Analysts said investors were little moved by the first of two days of testimony by Fed Chairman Powell and Yellen. Powell reiterated the Fed’s commitment to easy monetary policy, and said he didn’t think any surge in inflation this year will be large or persistent. He argued that the Fed has the tools to deal with higher inflation. Meanwhile, investors took down some $60 billion in 2-year notes on Tuesday, part of the first leg of some $183 billion in short- and intermediate-dated debt.  Fed Gov. Lael Brainard on Tuesday said that she advocated for patient monetary policy, where the Fed awaits outcomes rather than acting solely on forecasts, will be most effective in reaching the central bank’s goals of maximum employment and stable 2% average inflation. In Europe, the European Central Bank increased its asset purchase under its Pandemic Emergency Purchase Program, or PEPP, as the weekly report of bond-buying confirmed yesterday. “2-year yields have been holding relatively steady and we expect that they will hold in well through month-end. Investors have been trying to pinpoint the timing of Fed liftoff since the release of the most recent ‘dots.’ but no dates in the 2-year time horizon have become popular targets as of yet,” wrote Thomas Simons and Aneta Markowska, economists at Jefferies. “Until then, we expect this area of the curve to be safe,’ they said.  “Overall, the stats generated by the auction were solid but unspectacular. They all came close to average,” the Jefferies duo wrote.  Elon Musk asked Twitter users over the weekend whether he should sell a 10% stake in the company. They said 'yes.'  Mark DeCambre is MarketWatch's markets editor. He is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @mdecambre. ",463,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886304156,2021-03-23 07:00:00,How the U.S. Tax Code Privileges White Families,https://www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archive/2021/03/us-tax-code-race-marriage-penalty/618339/?utm_source=feed,en,False,,1110,Atlantic,http://www.theatlantic.com/,"Only through November 30: Try subscriber newsletters for free Tax policies have preserved the racial inequality that has long defined America. Soon after I got my master’s degree in tax law from NYU in 1984, I started preparing my parents’ tax returns. They filed jointly, and what always stuck out to me was how comparable their incomes were. My mother worked as a nurse at an assisted-living facility, and my father was a plumber with the New York City Housing Authority. Some years, my father’s overtime would put him on top by a few hundred dollars; other years, my mother outearned him. The U.S. tax code can seem like a neutral, or at least equally punishing, system. But that misses how it has privileged white people—particularly white married couples—and preserved the racial inequality that has long defined America. Take the joint return, for instance, a policy that was designed to give a tax break to married (heterosexual) couples in which only the husband worked in the paid labor market. That setup favored white couples, whose familial structure was most likely to fit its mold. And it came at the expense of Black married couples, including my parents. Read: Why Black families struggle to build wealth But Henry had the wealth to do something about it, and in 1927, he and his lawyers figured out a workaround. Henry Seaborn’s taxable income for the year was $38,500 (well over $500,000 in today’s dollars), and his team came up with an idea: If he could treat half of his income as Charlotte’s, he could save $703.01 ($10,000 in today’s dollars) in taxes. Why? Because the progressive tax system taxes income at higher rates as income increases. In other words, the rate that applies to my first dollar of taxable income is lower than the rate that applies to my last. If, however, each spouse were taxed on half of Henry’s income, the rate applicable to the half now characterized as Charlotte’s would be significantly less than if it were part of Henry’s total. Washington was a community-property state, which meant that, legally, Charlotte had a right to half of Henry’s income. So they each filed individual tax returns, with Charlotte claiming her “half” of Henry’s income on hers. The IRS disapproved and said that Henry should have been taxed on all of the income, and therefore he owed the additional taxes. Henry paid up, but then he went to court to fight. He won at the district-court level, but the IRS appealed. His case went all the way to the Supreme Court, where the Seaborns won. Their win, however, followed the loss by a different white taxpayer who tried to transfer half his income to his stay-at-home spouse by contract—not because of community-property law—and the Supreme Court ruled against him. That taxpayer loss, coupled with the Seaborns’ victory, meant that now the tax liability for married couples would turn on whether they lived in a community-property state. That disparity ultimately led to Congress enacting the joint return in 1948, which allowed all married couples like the Seaborns—with a husband who works in the paid labor market and a wife who stays at home—to pay less in taxes, regardless of where they lived: a marriage bonus. The joint return gave tax breaks to single-wage-earner couples, but nothing to households where both spouses worked. So what? Weren’t we in a world where only the highest-earning Americans paid taxes? But WWII had changed everything. Read: American wealth is broken ",584,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886296004,2021-03-23 08:24:11,Almanac: Cigarette warning labels,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/almanac-cigarette-warning-labels/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295560,2021-03-23 08:00:05,Here Are Three New ‘Genshin Impact’ Gift Codes For Free Primogems For Windblume,https://www.forbes.com/sites/paultassi/2021/03/23/here-are-three-new-genshin-impact-gift-codes-for-free-primogems-for-windblume/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Genshin Impact Genshin Impact has activated another round of gift codes, but you’ll have to be quick to claim them, as they don’t last very long. They’re tied to the Windblume event, and there are three in total that will give you free Primogems, Mora and XP. At the time of this writing (I just activated all three), they are: As you can see that is just 10 Primogems shy of getting a full pull, but all you’ll have to do is run a single daily quest in order to get those last few, which is not exactly difficult.  Genshin Impact Meanwhile, the Windblume event continues, and you can get a good amount of Primogems from challenges during that. Also, today is the last day of Outland Gastronomy, the KFC login event where you can claim 200 free Primogems if you have been logging in every day until now, so it’s kind of just raining Primogems at the moment. Granted, this is a game where it takes tens of thousands, not hundreds, to get what you want during lengthy pull sessions, but hey, at least you feel like you’re earning some at a halfway decent pace during these events. Windblume has effectively proven to be Genshin Impact’s version of Mario Party, with a selection of combat lite video games, including the Peculiar challenges that have you competing as a team (as opposed to a Mario Party free-for-all I suppose) and taking on a boss at the end. It’s another way Genshin Impact continues to experiment with storytelling, and we’ve also seen the arrival of its date-like “hangouts” for specific 4 star characters which have been some of the more elaborate story pieces of the entire game so far, as we get to know the cast a little better. It’s been a lot of fun, and has not required anything remotely resembling high level powerful characters to participate. Genshin’s events usually don’t, and I think they’ve done a solid job making sure there’s enough to do for free in addition to its character releases which are the things that rake in the cash. ",354,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886286988,2021-03-23 06:56:38,Russia and China lash out at 'destructive' US in united front against West,https://news.yahoo.com/russia-china-lash-destructive-us-105638889.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"China and Russia on Tuesday lashed out at the “destructive” behaviour of the United States and called for a UN Security Council summit to establish stability between global superpowers. The rare show of diplomatic unity came after a Western coalition imposed sanctions on Chinese officials over alleged interment camps in Xinjiang, where as many as a million Uighur Muslims are said to have been held in slave-like conditions. China on Tuesday summoned the British and EU ambassadors over the coordinate sanctions. After meeting in the Chinese city of Guilin, Chinese and Russian foreign ministers on Tuesday called for the permanent members of the UN Security Council to gather for a summit “to establish direct dialogue about ways to resolve mankind’s common problems in the interests of maintaining global stability"". The statement also urged other countries to refrain from “politicising human rights issues” in a clear reference to the deplorable human rights record of both Moscow and Beijing. Sergei Lavrov, the Russian foreign minister, said that Moscow and Beijing agree about the “destructive” intentions of the United States which he criticised for “relying on the military and political alliances of the Cold War-era and creating new closed alliances in the same spirit to undermine the UN-centered international legal architecture”. Relations between Moscow and Washington took another hit last week after US President Joe Biden said in an interview that he believed that Vladimir Putin, the Russian president, was a “killer.” Moscow and Beijing both view recent Western sanctions as “unacceptable,” Mr Lavrov said on Tuesday. “Punishing anyone on the world arena today is just wrong, and using the same methods against Russia and China is simply stupid,” he was quoted as saying. Russia is bracing for a new round of sanctions over what Washington says was meddling in last year’s presidential elections. Moscow has denied any involvement. “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean Billie gave roaring '20s glamour with a touch of her trademark edge, layering a lace-trimmed ivory bustier over a sheer top embroidered with the Gucci G logo. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. ABC's Jonathan Karl predicts the House select 6 committee investigating the Jan. 6 attack will be looking to get hold of this next. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Chelsea Clinton was congratulated by her parents, former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, at the finish line Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. A look for the history books. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. The investigation is laying bare the extent of the conspiracy to derail the Trump campaign and thwart his presidency. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family “Some describe true friends as choosing your own family. I say it’s more like choosing your own army.” Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? ",731,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886307323,2021-03-23 07:11:00,Outside the Box: Obamacare health insurance just got much cheaper for early retirees,http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?guid=%7B21005575-02D4-D4B5-4572-D329C20563B1%7D&siteid=rss&rss=1,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,"The act also substantially changes health-insurance premiums and subsidies for Marketplace plans. This has gotten far less press. It may have a bigger effect on many who need to bridge the gap from employer-provided health insurance to Medicare. That’s good news across the board for early retirees who need to purchase medical insurance through Marketplace exchanges to bridge the gap from employer-provided coverage to Medicare. Let’s look at the details and discuss the implications for early retirement planning. I showed that a household with an income at 138% of the FPL was required to pay only 3.42% of their income toward health-insurance premiums. In that scenario, the household would have paid $82 a month ($982 per year) for premiums. They would have received $1,320 per month ($15,836 per year) in premium subsidies. Under the new law, things get even better for people in this scenario. They now would pay $0 toward health-insurance premiums. Subsidies would cover 100% of the cost. When I wrote the previous article in November 2018, I entered our household scenario. We have two adults in our early 40s, one young child and estimated MAGI of $60,000. That income put us at 289% of the FPL for a household of three in 2018. We would pay 9.52% of our household income for medical-insurance premiums under the original ACA. In 2021, unsubsidized health-insurance premiums would cost $14,358 for our family of three. I increased our household income to $62,750 to adjust for the slightly higher 2021 FPL to get us to the equivalent 289% of FPL. Under the old law, we would pay $498 a month ($5,974 per year) in premiums. We would qualify for a subsidy that would cover the remainder, amounting to $696 per month ($8,384 per year). Under the new law, we would pay 5.56% of our income toward premiums. Our premiums would cost $291 a month ($3,489 per year), and we would receive a subsidy of $906 per month ($10,869 per year) to cover the remainder. This change would save us about $207 each month ($2,485 per year). We would pay about 40% less for health-insurance premiums under the new law. Age is one of the few factors that impact premium costs with ACA plans. The older you are, the more expensive your premiums. As a comparison to our family, I created a scenario of an early retired couple in their early 60’s. Unsubsidized health-insurance premiums for a 60-year-old couple (assuming children are grown and off the parents’ insurance) would cost $22,975 in 2021. For a household of two, the same 289% of FPL would be $50,344. This income number is lower than the above scenario because FPL is adjusted based on household size. At 289% of FPL, they would pay 9.52% of income under the old law. Their share of the premiums would cost $399 each month ($4,793 per year). Their subsidy would be $1,515 a month ($18,182 per year). Under the new law they would pay 5.56% of income. Their share of premiums under the new law would fall to $233 a month ($2,799 per year), and their subsidy would now be $1,681 per month ($20,176 per year) The changes in the American Rescue Plan would save this couple in their early 60’s $166 each month ($1,994 per year). They would also pay about 40% less for health-insurance premiums than they would under the original ACA. The second, and potentially far more important, change that the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 makes to the ACA is eliminating the “subsidy cliff.” Under the original law, if your MAGI exceeds 400% of the FPL, you lose premium subsidies completely. Earning a single dollar of additional income at the 400%-of-FPL threshold could result in paying thousands of dollars in additional health-insurance premiums. Your subsidies would drop to zero. With the change in the new law, the maximum anyone will pay for health-insurance premiums is 8.5% of their income. If your income exceeds 400% of FPL, you won’t lose thousands of dollars in premium subsidies. Instead, you will pay $8.50 more per year in premiums for every $100 of extra income you earn. Eventually, the highest earners will lose subsidies completely and will have to pay the full cost. However, it is a gradual sliding scale down to zero subsidy. Numbers better demonstrate the impact this new law will have on early retirees whose income just exceeds the 400% FPL threshold. Let’s dive in… A similar scenario under the new law produces a much less dramatic result. An income of $86,700 puts us at 399% of FPL in 2021. At this level of income, our premiums would cost $613 each month ($7,352 per year). Our subsidy would be $652 per month ($7,825 per year). Subsidies would cover a little over half of our total $15,177 premiums cost. Under the original ACA, we would have paid 9.83% of income toward our premiums. The new law saves us almost $1,000 in this scenario. Bumping income up to $87,000 puts us at 401% of FPL. At this level of income, our premium cost rises a few dollars to $616 a month ($7,395 per year) while our premium subsidy drops a few dollars to $649 a month ($7,782 per year).  Under the old law we would pay the full unsubsidized cost of $15,177. This is about double what we would owe under the new law. Under the American Rescue Plan, a small difference in income equates to a small increase in health insurance premiums and decrease in premium credits. This makes planning more predictable and less punitive if you make a small mistake around the 400%-of-FPL cutoff point. Medical-insurance premiums increase as we age. This new law is most impactful for early retirees approaching Medicare eligibility who are over the 400%-of-FPL cliff. Let’s look at one last example. Entering an income of $68,800 for this household of two puts them at 399% FPL. The American Rescue Act caps the amount a household pays for health insurance premiums at 8.5% of income. Under the original ACA they would have paid 9.83% of income. This couple would pay premiums of $486 per month ($5,834 per year) under the new law with subsidies of $1,394 a month ($16,729 per year). Lowering the cap that a person at this income must pay decreases the premium by about $1,000 each year compared with the old law. Increasing income to $69,100 pushes this couple to 401% of FPL. Their premiums under the new law will cost $489 each month ($5,874 per year). Their premium subsidy is $1,391 per month ($16,689 per year). Under the original ACA, they would have lost this entire subsidy by exceeding the “subsidy cliff” by a few dollars. The new law produces a staggering saving of about $17,000 for this couple. The American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 clearly benefits early retirees buying Marketplace health-insurance plans. Still, there’s a major problem for early retirement planning. The American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 explicitly states that the changes to ACA subsidies are applicable only in the 2021 and 2022 tax years. What happens beyond that? No one knows for sure. For households like ours who plan year to year, learning of this retroactive change three months into the year is not helpful for 2021. We’ve already decided last December that Kim will continue to work enough so that we are getting our insurance through her employer through at least this December.  Health insurance is still the big wild card in early retirement planning. We may not have enough saved to sustain an early retirement. Alternatively, we may have already saved too much. It’s a massive challenge to plan for something as important to your retirement success or failure as medical insurance. The rules can change at any time. For early retirees who are within a few years of Medicare eligibility, the American Rescue Plan is a game changer. It can potentially save you tens of thousands of dollars in anticipated health-insurance premiums over the next two years. This can bridge the gap to more predictable retirement healthcare expenses. Long-term planning (defined as beyond 2022) of medical insurance for early retirement still requires assessing which way the political winds are blowing. This is always dangerous. We shouldn’t place too much stock in any plan that requires our predictions to be correct. In 2016, presidential candidate Donald Trump ran on the promise to “repeal and replace” the ACA. President Trump, with Republicans controlling both the House and Senate, failed to do so. So it seems that some version of the ACA will be around for the foreseeable future. Under the new Biden administration with a Democratic House and Senate, there is a clear will to expand the ACA or create new government health-insurance options. The politics and economics are complicated. This new legislation is in effect for only two years. There will be a midterm election then. The political winds may shift again.  Our household will continue to remain flexible. I’m of the opinion that we are not truly financially independent until our investments can produce enough income to pay our full unsubsidized healthcare costs. Being financially independent while being dependent on unpredictable government subsidies for something so important seems like an oxymoron. So much of retirement planning is wishful thinking — what I’ve learned after 3 years of actually being retired This eye-opening experience has me rethinking how Social Security figures into my retirement planning I ran the tax numbers for a semi-retired life, and they look amazing  A price index for the elderly doesn’t always yield a higher number.
 ",1600,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886304138,2021-03-23 07:00:00,Let Us Be Clear About How Racist Misogyny Works,https://www.theatlantic.com/culture/archive/2021/03/atlanta-shootings-racist-hatred-doesnt-preclude-desire/618361/?utm_source=feed,en,False,,1110,Atlantic,http://www.theatlantic.com/,"Only through November 30: Try subscriber newsletters for free The Atlanta shootings speak to a prejudice that is deeply ingrained, if largely unacknowledged, in American society. Read: Why this wave of anti-Asian racism feels different Let us be clear: By his own admission, the shooting suspect could not control his desires, so he went out to eradicate the objects of his desires. Is there a more stark articulation of the deadly intent of racist misogyny? Racism and sexism are partners that stoke each other with frightening ease. Racism may be caused by many factors—demagoguery, religious intolerance, economic resentment, inherited bigotry—but its expression is almost always about the assertion of power. And whenever vengeful male power is in play, it is never good news for women. Anti-Asian racism and long-standing Western colonial attitudes about the plunderable “Orient” enable the possessive denigration and dehumanization of Asian women; patriarchy and sexism further fortify such presumptions. Since the first big wave of Asian immigration to the U.S., in the 1850s, Asians have suffered discrimination and violence. Few know, for example, that the lynching, burning, and killing of Chinese residents were commonplace occurences up and down the West Coast during the 19th century. Since then, the perceived threat of the Yellow Peril has never really gone away; instead, it has circulated throughout the 20th and 21st centuries, easily revived during times of war, economic downturn, and disease. Read: Why Trump intentionally misnames the coronavirus Asian women in America have received their share of this aggression, often in explicitly sexual terms. The figure of the eroticized-yet-degraded Asian woman—also known as “China doll,” “lotus blossom,” “geisha,” “concubine,” and “butterfly”—can be readily found in movies and onstage, in everything from high art to cheap pornography. One of the most visibly racist, sexist, and inhuman tropes to emerge out of Western imperial history, this woman nonetheless hardly registers in the public consciousness as someone who has suffered discrimination. The Atlanta shooting also reminds us that America has long conflated Asian female sexuality and criminality. The first time that Chinese litigants appeared before the U.S. Supreme Court, in 1875, the case involved the perception of Chinese women as prostitutes. Sensationally known then as the “Case of the 22 Lewd Chinese Women,” it centered on a group of young women who were denied entry into the U.S. at the Port of San Francisco despite having proper travel documentation, because the immigration inspector thought they were prostitutes based on how they looked to him. The state of California argued that it had the right to protect itself from “pestilential immorality.” The Supreme Court eventually ruled in favor of the women, not necessarily because the Court thought they were innocent, but because it wanted to reaffirm the federal government’s authority to regulate immigration. That same year, the U.S. passed the Page Act, which was introduced by Representative Horace F. Page of California to “end the danger of cheap Chinese labor and immoral Chinese women.” Apparently, to California officials, Chinese women equaled prostitutes. The Page Act was the first restrictive federal immigration law in the U.S., effectively prohibiting the entry of Chinese women into the U.S and foreshadowing the more stringent Chinese Exclusion Act. This in turn created the mostly male “bachelor societies” of American Chinatowns, placing the few Asian women who were here in even more physical, social, and economic jeopardy. In the 20th century, U.S. foreign policy and military presence in Asia extended this old racial-sexual imagination to the figures of the so-called “comfort women,” the “war bride,” and the sex worker. That the murdered women in Atlanta worked in massage parlors—spaces that are deeply racialized and sexualized in the American and global consciousness—only underscores the continued invisibility and precarity of immigrants and service-industry workers. The victims included Xiaojie Tan, who was days away from her 50th birthday, and is survived by her husband and a daughter who recently graduated from college. Yong Ae Yue, 63, was a working mother too. Hyun Jung Grant, 51, was a single mother working overtime to raise two sons. These were workers, mothers, wives—women who lost their life to one person’s desires and, we have to acknowledge, to a larger culture of racialized misogyny. ",699,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886296003,2021-03-23 08:26:11,"John Kerry still pushing for Ukraine, Gaza cease-fires",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/john-kerry-still-pushing-for-ukraine-gaza-cease-fires/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295557,2021-03-23 08:06:54,NRA Swiftly Defends Guns After Colorado Mass Shooting Following Lawsuit Overturning An Assault Rifle Ban In Boulder,https://www.forbes.com/sites/roberthart/2021/03/23/nra-swiftly-defends-guns-after-colorado-mass-shooting-following-lawsuit-overturning-an-assault-rifle-ban-in-boulder/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"The National Rifle Association (NRA) swiftly defended gun ownership in the wake of a mass shooting in a Boulder, Colorado, superstore, just a week after celebrating its success in overturning a two-year assault rifle ban in the city—the incident is likely to fuel further discussions on gun control in the U.S. after another mass shooting took place in Atlanta, Georgia last week.       The police haven’t released much information on the suspect of the Boulder shooting or the weapon used. Details are likely to emerge as the investigation unfolds.  ",91,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886307322,2021-03-23 07:24:00,TaxWatch: IRS misses ‘substantial’ tax evasion by the wealthiest Americans — this study calculates just how much,http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?guid=%7B21005575-02D4-D4B5-4572-D32AEE145193%7D&siteid=rss&rss=1,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,"Large pools of wealthy taxpayer money that should line federal government coffers are going undetected in tax audits, according to new research finding “substantial evasion at the top” of the income ladder. Comparing the random audits with the results of a Obama-era tax evasion crackdown that started in 2008, the researchers — who included IRS personnel — said the random audits “seldom detected concealed offshore wealth” such as undeclared foreign bank accounts. Informed by those findings, the researchers then tried to measure the amount of undetected money that goes unreported. When the researchers applied their own methods, the under-reported income for taxpayers at the bottom half of the income ladder rose 7%. For the top one-percent of earners, under-reported income rose 21%, said the authors, who also come from the London School of Economics and Carnegie Mellon. “Random audits, which do not detect most sophisticated evasion, underestimate top tax evasion,” the researchers said. The study did acknowledge these types of audits are “not designed” to detect all the rich taxpayer money that goes under the radar. The research also shows the high stakes for the IRS’s declining audit rates. Susan Long, co-director of Syracuse University’s TRAC Research Center and a professor of managerial statistics, told MarketWatch she was not surprised by the recent research. As a result of a court order that’s been standing for decades, she constantly gets data on what the IRS is — and is not — doing when it comes to audits. On Thursday, Rettig testified before members of the House Ways and Means’ Subcommittee on Oversight. “Sir, we absolutely do not,” Rettig responded, saying that the agency has been following laws requiring it to follow improper payments to low-income households on tax credits like the Earned Income Tax Credit. Rettig said the IRS audits 8% of taxpayers making over $10 million. “For 2010, when we had the resources, we were auditing 23%,” he said. It fits in your pocket and can take aerial photos and videos. ",332,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886304113,2021-03-23 07:00:00,Homeroom: My Son Spends Hours Studying. Then He Forgets Everything.,https://www.theatlantic.com/education/archive/2021/03/homeroom-how-help-your-kid-remember-test-material/618365/?utm_source=feed,en,False,,1110,Atlantic,http://www.theatlantic.com/,"Only through November 30: Try subscriber newsletters for free Are there memory tricks he could be using? Editor’s Note: Every Tuesday, Abby Freireich and Brian Platzer take questions from readers about their kids’ education. Have one? Email them at homeroom@theatlantic.com. Dear Abby and Brian, I don’t know if it has to do with remote learning or if this would have come up anyway, but my sixth grader, whom I’ll call “Tom,” immediately seems to forget everything he studies. He remembers non-school-related information fine. The other day he listed off the top of his head all the NBA players since 1980 with multiple triple-doubles or something like that, and he knows every Drake lyric by heart. But he can spend hours studying for a test on Mesopotamia or the attributes of different kinds of clouds, and then when he gets to the test he seems to forget pretty much everything he’d thought he’d known the night before. I’m writing to you for advice because last night Tom told me that there’s no point in studying, because he’s stupid, and my heart pretty much dropped into my knees. He’s not stupid at all, of course—it’s just a memory thing, if there’s such a thing as that. I asked his pediatrician, who told me to ask the school, and his adviser told me that maybe the computer interface they use for quizzes is making things harder for Tom this year. But I don’t know how to help. Are there memory tricks he could be using? Hi Jackson, It can be excruciating to watch your child be so hard on himself. We have had moments both as teachers and as parents when we would have done or said nearly anything to alleviate the paralyzing self-doubt that our students and children were experiencing, particularly during the pandemic. Memorization techniques—or “tricks,” as you call them—can be useful, but they need to follow deeper comprehension. To better retain what he’s learning, Tom should focus on understanding the material before committing it to memory. Then all those facts he needs to recall for the next day will have something to stick to. The question is how to build that initial comprehension. For many students, a bulky block of text is difficult to process. Start off by guiding Tom to create visual systems for organizing the information he is trying to learn, such as a chart laid out with categories for different kinds of facts. For example, if he’s studying clouds he could develop one column for the name of each type of cloud, a second column describing what each type looks like, and a third that includes the conditions under which each kind of cloud forms. A list of phrases or bullet points is far easier to remember than lengthy sentences. Similarly, drawing and labeling clouds may help Tom remember which names and characteristics belong to which. There’s also the issue of pacing. We can’t emphasize enough how beneficial it is to study information in stages rather than cramming the night before a test. So let’s say it is Monday afternoon, and Tom’s science teacher has just announced a test on Friday covering the three types of clouds. Tom looks at 10 pages of class notes on cumulus, stratus, and cirrus clouds and starts to panic. Whether he tries to memorize all the material on Monday evening to get it over with, or on Thursday to make sure the information is fresh in his mind, he will be in trouble come test day. Encourage him instead to break up the material into three sections, and divide those up among the days available to prep. For example, on Monday evening, Tom should try to learn about cumulus clouds using a chart, a drawing, and flashcards. On Tuesday, he can learn about stratus clouds. But on Wednesday, he should not yet move on to cirrus. Instead, Tom should take a review day to make sure that cumulus and stratus are firmly in his brain. This way, by the time he gets to cirrus, he won’t forget what he learned in the first two days of studying. If he is able to leave time for a practice test—whether that is going over the material in conversation with you, quizzing and being quizzed by a friend, writing out facts on his own, or preferably some combination of these—that can really help too. Reviewing the material using different methods will strengthen Tom’s knowledge and boost his confidence. ",745,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886296001,2021-03-23 08:27:10,2014 midterms: Where does the battle for the Senate stand?,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/2014-midterms-where-does-the-battle-for-the-senate-stand/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295550,2021-03-23 08:09:23,Telegram Messaging App Raises $150 Million From Middle East Investors,https://www.forbes.com/sites/dominicdudley/2021/03/23/telegram-messaging-app-raises-150-million-from-middle-east-investors/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Two Abu Dhabi-based funds have invested $150 million in messaging app Telegram, which has its global development centre in neighbouring Dubai. The investment in the firm is being shared equally by the state-owned Mubadala Investment Company and Abu Dhabi Catalyst Partners – the latter being a joint venture of Mubadala and New York-based Falcon Edge Capital. They have bought what are described as five-year, pre-IPO convertible bonds, although it is not clear what sized shareholding in the company the debt could be converted into.  Telegram was set up in 2013 by Russian-born brothers Pavel and Nikolai Durov and says it now has more than 500 million active users. Faris Al-Mazrui, head of Mubadala’s Russia and CIS investment programme, said Telegram’s user base had now reached “critical mass” and said the company was well-placed to become a “leading global technology company”. It has had a distinctly peripatetic history. According to its website, most of the developers originally come from Russia’s second city of St. Petersburg but it left Russia due to local IT regulations. Since then, it has based itself in a number of other locations, including Berlin, London and Singapore. “We’re currently happy with Dubai, although are ready to relocate again if local regulations change,” it says. Earlier this month, the UAE government announced a $10 billion fund which will invest in Israel, in sectors such as energy, manufacturing, water, space, healthcare and agri-tech. More recently, the Dubai Investment Development Agency signed an agreement with the Manufacturers’ Association of Israel to explore cross-border business and investment opportunities. The UAE announced on March 23 it will also invest $10 billion with Indonesia's sovereign wealth fund, the Indonesia Investment Authority, in areas such as transport infrastructure, tourism and agriculture. ",289,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886286616,2021-03-23 08:00:00,"Taco Bell is adding 1,000 drive-thru 'bellhops' as chain tweaks traditional and Cantina stores for a post pandemic world",https://www.businessinsider.com/1000-taco-bell-bellhops-coming-to-drive-thru-lanes-as-chain-tweaks-restaurant-designs-for-a-post-pandemic-world-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. More than a year after proposing a plan to roll out dine-in-focused lifestyle stores, Taco Bell is tweaking its store development plans. The Irvine, California-based fast-food chain said Tuesday that its next 1,000 restaurants will be modernized with features that reflect growing consumer demand for convenient, contactless ordering, a trend accelerated during the pandemic. New format stores will feature order-taking bellhops at the drive-thru and kiosk-only ordering. Modifications are also being made to the chain's dine-in-focused Cantina concept. On Tuesday, the chain said those plans are starting to gel. Three stores in Texas and Oklahoma have been modified to adopt the Go Mobile format, while a Taco Bell Cantina in Northern California has added a drive-thru lane. The latter represents a significant about-face for the Cantina concept, originally developed to accommodate dine-in traffic in densely populated urban cities like Chicago, Las Vegas, London, and New York.  But, the Yum Brands division said Tuesday that the ""prioritization of drive-thru service during the pandemic"" triggered the adoption of a drive-thru at the Cantina concept in Danville, California. The experiential concept still features dine-in elements such as an outdoor fire pit, a game area, and a full bar which will serve diners when it is safe to do so, the chain said. Mike Grams, Taco Bell's global chief operating officer, said the chain's restaurant portfolio is rapidly evolving as it strikes ""a crucial balance between being technology-forward and social-oriented."" ""Even amid the challenging pandemic, we are continuing to grow due in large part to the strength in our franchise partnerships as well as the flexible formats we offer,"" Grams said in a statement. The chain said it will continue to build destination Cantina restaurants, but at the same time, it will prioritize growing restaurants that ""maximize efficiency for on-the-go customers"" like the Go Mobile restaurants.  The chain, which has about 7,400 locations, plans to remodel or build an additional 30 stores into the Go Mobile model by the end of the year.  New stores will have smaller dining rooms and be about 1,325 square feet. That's more than 1,000-square feet smaller than a standard Taco Bell restaurant.  A key feature of the Go Mobile concept, order-taking bellhops at the drive-thru, will also be extended to traditional stores to help improve drive-thru wait times, the chain said. Consumers will start to see about 1,000 of these ""concierge service of team members"" taking orders with iPads at restaurants across the US by the summer. Chick-fil-A and In-N-Out Burger also station employees at the drive-thru to take orders with tablets.  Taco Bell said it is also opening a ""kiosk-focused"" restaurant in Manhattan that is designed for a completely digital in-person experience. The chain did not provide further details.  Also coming soon is a new format store by Taco Bell franchisee Lee Engler, CEO of Border Foods. He plans to unveil ""an industry-defying restaurant"" in the coming months, Taco Bell said. Taco Bell and Engler did not provide any further details, only stating that the new concept is expected to address the bottleneck at drive-thru windows.  ""As great as the drive-thru is, a fundamental flaw is bottleneck at the windows,"" Engler said in a statement. ""Our team has set out to creatively solve for that like no one else has done before, and we're thrilled by positive early responses to our one-of-a-kind concept coming to Brooklyn Park, Minnesota."" Data shows that Taco Bell's focus on digital takeout solutions is a smart move. According to a J.D. Power Pulse Survey conducted in January of 2021, retail and restaurant consumers are still gravitating towards curbside and home delivery even as business restrictions ease across the US. Half of the consumers surveyed said they plan to continue using curbside pickup and home delivery services. And, 21% said they expected ""to actually increase their use of these services,"" the survey states.  
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",761,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886307318,2021-03-23 07:34:00,Futures Movers: Oil prices sink 4% as European COVID curbs raise demand worries,http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?guid=%7B21005575-02D4-D4B5-4572-D32CB61AB219%7D&siteid=rss&rss=1,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,"U.S. and global oil prices fell by roughly 6% on Tuesday to enter correction territory, as renewed  lockdowns in Europe to combat the coronavirus pandemic looked likely to crimp energy demand. “Optimism around a swift global economic recovery has recently been dampened by setbacks in vaccine rollouts in parts of Europe and Southern Asia,” said Christin Redmond, commodity analyst at Schneider Electric, in a market update.  Meanwhile,...
     ",74,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295543,2021-03-23 08:10:00,Preparing For The Quantum Internet,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbestechcouncil/2021/03/23/preparing-for-the-quantum-internet/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty The presumably Russian hacking of the U.S. government should do more than just embarrass the American technology community—it should be a galvanizing force to examine the inherent flaws in a digital communications infrastructure. And it should also open our eyes to the potential safety to be found in quantum computing. Back in the glory days of Soviet-era spy novels, the bad guys had to steal the good guys' paper documents to discern secrets or strategic plans. Today, however, it's a matter of poking through a ""secure"" firewall and winkling your way throughout a linked network. What we know is that for hackers, there's always a way to find that vulnerability. It's just a matter of time. But is that the best we can do? I posit that there's another option for secure data communications and transfer that combines physical security, like the old days of paper and ink, with virtually unbreakable technical mastery. It's called the quantum internet. One of the ""hitches"" in quantum computing, however, is that it uses hardware: ultra-cooled quantum processors for computing and fiberoptic cables to physically transmit the photons from one computer to another. It's the fiberoptic that I'd like to address here. Let's look at three things companies can do today to prepare for and speed the arrival of a viable quantum internet: ",221,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886286612,2021-03-23 08:03:59,Bank of America details 3 reasons to stay bullish on cheapened tech stocks left 'bruised' by rising rates — and outlines the signals to watch ahead of a possible bearish turn,https://www.businessinsider.com/investing-strategy-bullish-on-tech-stocks-bruised-by-rates-bofa-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. Leading investors are using the market's battering of tech stocks last week to buy cheapened household names. With forecasts of a strong bounce back in economic growth this year, investors have been cashing in on their expensive technology stock holdings in favor of cheaper shares of companies whose performance is closely correlated with the health of the economy - known as 'value' stocks - to capitalize on the rebound. But this optimism is leading to profit-taking in the fixed income market as well, as investors ditch government bonds that had reached record-high prices levels - and record-low yields.  Last week, investor anxiety over rising yields came to a head as the 10-year US treasury hit a 14-month high of above 1.7%, reflecting the concern that the super-low interest rate environment that enabled record high tech stock valuations could soon come to an end.  But even as this switch into value stocks and out of bonds continues, some investors are using the opportunity to snap up some of those tech stocks that suddenly look a lot cheaper, before they bounce back more aggressively. ""Stay bullish. Buy cyclicals, value, and start taking a fresh look at tech, already bruised by rising bond yield concerns,"" strategists at Bank of America including Ajay Singh Kapur wrote in a recent note. Rising rates are often viewed as bad for tech or 'growth' stocks which have less of a correlation to the economy, as it can affect valuations. If interest rates rise, then future cash flows have to be discounted by a higher interest rate. So the flows become worth less, and with the current very ambitious valuations based on future growth valuation are going to have to come down when the discount rate – the interest rate - goes up. But time is of the essence, as investors are already taking up the opportunity. The S&P Growth index, a basket of mostly tech stocks, rallied 2.9% over the last two weeks, outperforming value for the first time since the start of February. With strong liquidity, equity market growth should remain supported. As the world exits the COVID crisis, a new growth cycle is getting underway. Returns for investors are best during the first and final quarters of a cycle, meaning markets are entering what Bank of America says is a robust period. Indeed, 89% of BofA's 66 growth indicators across economies and sectors are bullish/neutral at the moment, indicating that this is still upcycle for EPS growth. ""Trend indicators of growth are on a strong run... spelling out an upbeat earnings outlook,"" it added. These three components combined has created a ""sweet spot"" for equity investors, it said. As a result, ""portfolios should be bullishly positioned, and left untouched by the latest bout of negativism,"" BofA wrote. Market conditions change and this bullish cocktail is still at the whim of market dynamics. ""When free liquidity tightens, when the EPS growth cycle is enfeebled, and when the 'tape' breaks down, we will worry,"" the note said. A tapering of the Fed's asset purchasing is probably the biggest threat for stock market bulls. Investors are still wary of a so-called ""taper tantrum"" - an event that occurred in 2013 when bond yields spiked dramatically, when the central bank signaled it was ready to shrink its balance sheet. The Fed has gone to some lengths to reassure markets that it has no plans to adjust monetary policy, or its asset purchases any time soon.  So, this time around, even if growth were to mellow, and enter the second quartile of the cycle, the bull market should remain strong, BofA noted. ""The strong liquidity, coupled with the support of a healthy market breadth should help to keep equities afloat... The strong growth is just an added layer of comfort for us,"" it said. 
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",754,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886308345,2021-03-23 08:28:11,FTN Page 2: July 27,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/ftn-page-2-july-27/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295540,2021-03-23 08:10:00,14 Common Things Leaders Do That Hurt Their Credibility,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinesscouncil/2021/03/23/14-common-things-leaders-do-that-hurt-their-credibility/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"A leader is supposed to be leading their division or department to success. Naturally, the leader's credibility plays a big part in whether those they're leading trust and rely on them. In most corporate structures, leaders define themselves by their credibility. If they are accountable to those they're in charge of and work for their best interests, then the department and the organization thrives as a result. Members of Forbes Business Council share what actions can hurt the credibility of a leader. 1. Speaking Or Acting Without Thinking 2. Lying 3. Acting Emotionally And Defensive 4. Not Realizing They Speak For Others 5. Failing To Align Actions With Words 6. Lack Of Consistency And Transparency 7. Focusing On Oneself Vs. The Team 8. Not Taking Ownership Of Mistakes 9. Lacking Respect For Rapports' Time 10. Focusing On ‘Command And Control’ 11. Trying To Overly Please Customers 12. Having Personal Social Media 13. Cheating for Short-Term Profit 14. Not Pursuing Publicity ",161,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886286607,2021-03-23 08:05:00,"29-year markets vet Ted Seides has interviewed hundreds of investment chiefs. He told us the 4 best pieces of advice he's learned about growing wealth, and the biggest misconception about the role.",https://www.businessinsider.com/investing-advice-from-cio-chief-investment-officer-interviews-ted-seides-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. Ted Seides, in multiple ways, has been surrounded by the biggest names in the investing space for a long time now.  After five years, he was off to Harvard Business School. In 2002, he co-founded Protégé Partners and served as president and co-CIO for the investment firm focused on small hedge funds.  ""I have done about 200 shows on the podcast, and I would guess in the ballpark of half or just under half of those are CIOs or allocators of big pools of capital,"" he told Insider in a recent interview.  Chatting about the ways in which they invest as well as how they think about it, Seides has acquired hundreds of hours worth of interviews with CIOs. And after listening to the many different ways these elite allocators make and implement their investing decisions, he shared with us the top pieces of advice he's learned from them. The first one involves the set of disciplines outside of investing itself that go into high-quality investing. This means that their decision-making process has to be ""fine-tuned,"" as well as their leadership style which is something that people don't emphasize much in asset management. They also need to understand how to manage people and conduct effective interviews, as much of what they do includes interviewing money managers, he added.  Many mistakenly believe that CIOs have the last word when it comes to deciding what to invest in. However, most of these capital pools have governance boards that may not always agree with CIOs and their teams.  ""They need to understand how do you make the governance structure work such that when you go out and run around and meet investor managers and want to make decisions, but those decisions are able to get implemented in your portfolio because the CIOs don't own the capital, they are serving the capital,"" he said The things range from knowing how to serve their ultimate client to understanding how to manage a team so that they are making effective decisions, he added  ""A lot of the CIOs will tell you that the best investment job isn't the CIO, it's the deputy CIO just because of that, and because the CIO job really is more like a CEO,"" he said.  ""I do find that sometimes people are in such a rush to grow in the business, to have their own firm and do all those things that they leave on the table the opportunity to learn as much as they can from somebody who has already been through it before,"" he said. 
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",547,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886308344,2021-03-23 08:29:10,"July 27: Netanyahu, Mashaal, Klimkin, Rogers",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/july-27-netanyahu-mashaal-klimkin-rogers/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295537,2021-03-23 08:10:00,Lost Your Job? How To Discuss Getting Fired With A Potential New Employer,https://www.forbes.com/sites/theyec/2021/03/23/lost-your-job-how-to-discuss-getting-fired-with-a-potential-new-employer/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Many professionals have been fired from positions in the past. Getting fired from a job can be embarrassing and anxiety-inducing, especially when you have to explain the reason why you were let go to a potential new employer. Young Entrepreneur Council members discuss how to talk about getting fired during an interview. 1. Address The Issue Head-On 2. Make Sure You Don't Over-Explain 3. Think About The Positives 4. Show The Value You Provided 5. Don't Badmouth Your Previous Employer 6. Own Your Shortcomings 7. Share What You Would Do Differently 8. Focus On The Future ",97,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886286601,2021-03-23 08:10:42,"Another GameStop exec is resigning from the video-games retailer, just weeks after its CFO was reportedly ousted by its board",https://www.businessinsider.com/gamestop-cco-frank-hamlin-resigns-cfo-jim-bell-game-retailer-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. The filing said that Frank Hamlin, who also serves as executive vice-president, would leave the company on March 31, following a transition period. GameStop did not disclose the reasons for his departure, but said that he would be entitled to the payments, rights, and benefits associated with a ""good reason"" resignation. GameStop and Hamlin entered into a Transition and Separation Agreement on Sunday, the company said. ""Bell's resignation was not because of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company's operations, policies or practices, including accounting principles and practices,"" it said. In the SEC filing, GameStop said that it was looking for a permanent CFO, but that Diana Saadeh-Jajeh, the company's chief accounting officer, would serve as interim CFO if a permanent replacement isn't found by March 26. 
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",253,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886308812,2021-03-23 08:11:45,"Social costs of pandemic will be felt for a decade,...",https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9391313/Social-costs-pandemic-felt-decade-report-suggests.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 776 Britain faces a 'Covid decade' with the 'profound social damage' caused by the pandemic set to dog the country. A grim report urges a major policy overhaul to help the country recover from the impact of coronavirus on health, education and economic prospects.  The assessment from the British Academy - funded by the government but independent - was launched on the anniversary of the first lockdown. It warns significant intervention will be needed to avoid more extreme inequality and ongoing misery for swathes of the population. The report, The Covid decade: Understanding the long-term societal impacts of Covid-19, highlights a number of interconnected trends. They include low and unstable levels of trust in the national government that undermine the ability to mobilise public behaviour. It cautions that following a short-lived initial increase, faith the UK government and feelings of national unity are in decline. A grim report urges a major policy overhaul to help the country recover from the impact of coronavirus on health, education and economic prospects. Pictured, boarded up shops in London today Commuters packed on to the Tube in face coverings today after a year of upheaval  Other worrying trends are widening geographic inequalities in health and wellbeing, local economic risk and resilience, and poverty and worsening social development, relationships and mental health. The review suggests the impact of these will vary according to age, gender, race and ethnicity, and levels of social deprivation. The lost – and likely unrecoverable – access to education at all levels will exacerbate existing disadvantage. The hit to digital and technology skills will also impede progress towards a prosperous, high-skilled economy. The experts warn that consequences of lost access to education at all levels, coupled with changes to assessments, will be felt for years to come. The paper argues the pandemic has exposed major gaps in public policy that the Government must now address. They include tensions between the roles of local and central authorities, and strengthening community-led social infrastructure. It suggested closing the 'digital divide' by treating access to infrastructure such as broadband as essential. The British Academy – the UK's national academy for the humanities and the social sciences – convened and engaged with more than 200 academics, practitioners and policy specialists to put together the report. Dominic Abrams, professor of social psychology at the University of Kent and lead author of the documents, said: 'The evidence provides us with a vital insight into the immense social impact of Covid-19 and the substantial challenges we must address in the coming decade. 'There are multiple forms of inequality that create personal and societal obstacles to progress. 'Finding ways to create greater inclusiveness, tackle underlying mechanisms of inequality, and create the resourcefulness to share a better future will be our biggest challenge during this 'Covid decade'. 'The Covid decade will also be profoundly shaped by policy decisions, and this offers us many opportunities. Government will need to establish a longer-term vision to tackle the impacts of Covid-19. 'This will involve working in partnership with places and people to address structural problems systematically, not just in a piecemeal way.' Hetan Shah, chief executive of the British Academy, said: 'A year from the start of the first lockdown, we all want this to be over. 'However, in truth, we are at the beginning of a Covid decade. A car drives past a coronavirus warning sign in Brookwood, Surrey 'Policymakers must look beyond the immediate health crisis to repair the profound social damage wrought by the pandemic.' A Government spokeswoman said: 'Coronavirus is the biggest public health challenge the UK has faced in decades and as we recover from this pandemic this Government is committed to building back better and levelling up outcomes for every individual across the country. 'That's why we've implemented robust support to those who need it most – raising the living wage, spending billions to safeguard jobs, investing £2.4 billion each year for disadvantaged pupils, and boosting welfare support and local authority funding. 'On top of that, we are providing an additional £500m for mental health services and £79 million to expand mental health support teams in schools and colleges.' Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",711,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295530,2021-03-23 08:10:00,13 Tactics To Counter Negative Publicity When Internal Issues Become PR Crises,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesagencycouncil/2021/03/23/13-tactics-to-counter-negative-publicity-when-internal-issues-become-pr-crises/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Unlike Vegas, sometimes what happens in a business doesn’t stay in the business. When internal issues make their way into the public sphere, what may have appeared to be a fairly insignificant situation or conflict can snowball into a serious public relations crisis.  If major problems that have been brewing just under the surface become public knowledge before company leaders can take steps to address them, mitigating the risk a PR crisis poses to their brand’s reputation becomes more challenging. While such circumstances are unpredictable, taking control of the narrative can help protect a business against the volatile nature of rumors and gossip, founded or unfounded. Members of Forbes Agency Council share tips to help organizations mitigate the risk a PR crisis poses to their brand’s reputation. 1. Provide Perspective And Context To Create Meaning 2. Build Strong Public Profiles For Your Executives 3. Outline Protocols For Internal And External Communications 4. Quickly Spread Your Message On All Relevant Channels 5. Show Your Skeletons 6. Utilize Non-Disclosure Agreements 7. Make Sure Your Team Knows The Facts 8. Acknowledge The Issue And Commit To Discussing The Problem 9. Identify A Capable And Confident Spokesperson 10. Address The Crisis Publicly To Show Your Brand Is Trustworthy 11. Don’t Forget To Communicate With Internal Stakeholders 12. Take Enough Time To Decide On A Clear Plan Of Action 13. Set A Code Of Conduct For Your People ",234,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886286586,2021-03-23 08:13:30,"Bitcoin may be entering the 'later stages' of a bull market, crypto analysts say, as talk of a price plunge grows (BTC)",https://www.businessinsider.com/bitcoin-price-crash-late-stage-bull-market-glassnode-btc-plunge-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886208294,2021-03-23 05:37:49,Boulder grocery store massacre described by witnesses as chaos: He just 'started shooting',https://www.foxnews.com/us/witnesses-describe-chaos-during-boulder-grocery-store-massacre-he-just-started-shooting,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"The Denver Post spoke to one witness who wished to remain anonymous. The witness said he was with a roommate about to leave the store when they spotted the gunman. ""He just came in and started shooting,"" the witness told the paper. The roommate told the paper that the shooting seemed to be methodic. ""He wasn’t spraying."" The suspect was in custody and hospitalized due to an injury. ""I knew every gunshot that was shot went into somebody,"" he said. ""I could hear... I could tell when a gunshot doesn’t ricochet, but I also can tell when a gunshot goes into somebody."" A witness told The Associated Press he had just left the supermarket when he heard gunshots and saw three people lying face down, two in the parking lot and one near the doorway. He said he ""couldn't tell if they were breathing."" Video posted on YouTube showed one person on the floor inside the store and two more outside on the ground. What sounds like two gunshots are also heard at the beginning of the video. He said that he thought of other notorious shootings in the state, like Columbine. ""It seemed like all of us had imagined we’d be in a situation like this at some point in our lives,"" he said. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inbox Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! ",250,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886308811,2021-03-23 08:15:09,"Men aged 63 and 28 and woman, 56, arrested for manslaughter by neglect after woman found dead",https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392985/Men-aged-63-28-woman-56-arrested-manslaughter-neglect-woman-dead.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/,"Three people have been arrested after a woman was found dead at a house in Stockport. Greater Manchester Police said the trio were being held on suspicion of manslaughter through gross neglect. Emergency services were called to a house on Arley Grove, Adswood, just after 4pm yesterday. Three people have been arrested on suspicion of manslaughter by gross neglect after a woman was found dead at a property in Adswood, Greater Manchester, last night (pictured) They were initially called to reports of a sudden death, police said. Paramedics rushed to the scene where a 42-year-old woman was found dead and police were called. Two men, aged 63 and 28, and a 56-year-old woman have been detained. They remain in custody for questioning and enquiries are ongoing. Pictured: Forensic officers were spotted at the property last night and a cordon remains in place this morning as police continue to investigate the circumstances surrounding the death Forensic officers were pictured outside a semi-detached property on the residential street late on Monday night. A number of police vehicles, including a patrol car and a van, were stationed on the road. An officer remains guarding the property this morning. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",224,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295525,2021-03-23 08:10:00,"How I Landed My Dream Client Using LinkedIn (And How You Can, Too)",https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinesscouncil/2021/03/23/how-i-landed-my-dream-client-using-linkedin-and-how-you-can-too/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty When my startup, Shotzu, was in its ultra-lean and scrappy phase, we didn’t have the capital for travel and entertainment budgets (T&E) or to hire marketing, sales or business development personnel — and I am not great at creating marketing materials. As such, I had to get creative and think out of the box to secure clients. Some clever thinking combined with the awesomeness that is the internet allowed me to secure my dream client for zero dollars and with no marketing materials. So, how did I do it? First, I had to understand my business on a very intimate level. What pain point are we solving, and how do we make using our solution a no-brainer for the executive we are pitching? This is the most crucial step because if your solution is truly solving a pain point and you can articulate it effectively, you may not need marketing materials to land your dream client. Think of it this way: If there is a building on fire, firefighters don’t need a pitch deck for you to sell them water. Second, I needed to position our offering so that it was a win for both parties involved. I had heard the slogan, “Nobody ever got fired for buying IBM,” and I wanted to adopt that mantra. Shotzu needed to ensure that we made the key executive look good for choosing our solution. To do that, we needed to make sure our pricing model and ease of use were spot on with what the end user needed. Third, once I felt comfortable with completing steps one and two, I needed to find a repository where our dream client resided. Envision a lion stalking its prey at a watering hole. The online watering hole where almost every animal in the business jungle came to drink was LinkedIn. LinkedIn had already aggregated the companies and key executives that I would need to contact to land my dream client. Now that I knew which platform I would use to target my dream client, it was time to hunt. Landing one’s dream client is no different than trapping Bugs Bunny — you have to be smarter and execute flawlessly (don’t be Elmer Fudd). To do so effectively, these are the steps I used on LinkedIn to achieve over a 90% response rate to my pitch: 1. Search the company you want to secure as your client. 2. Click the “People” tab to see the executives working for the company. 3. Identify the key executive you want to target. 4. Connect first with at least six subordinates to create a “friend of the company” persona. 5. Once the subordinates have accepted your connection, connect with the key executive. When they are alerted that you want to connect, LinkedIn will show them that you are already connected to multiple employees at the company, thereby making you a “warm connection.” 6. Find the email address for the key executive by discovering the email formula for the company. When I began, tech startups were easy (e.g., firstname@companyname.com). Sites like Appollo.io can help you figure this out. 7. Once connected, do not cold pitch them in the LinkedIn messaging app. Instead, send your pitch email to their corporate email, and message them via Linkedin to thank them for the connection. Tell them you sent them an email and that they should touch base with you if they did not receive it. I used the above step-by-step method to successfully reach every key executive I targeted, but the most important correspondence in my arsenal was my pitch letter. Your pitch must be compelling and effectively articulate your offer. Here are some key items needed in your pitch letter: 1. Introduce yourself, your company and what your company does. 2. Tell the story of a major company that may be similar to the target company, a similar pain point it experienced and the solution it found. 3. Equate your solution to their winning solution. Detail how the target company can benefit in a similar manner and the advantages of using your solution. 4. Close with a call to action: “I’m looking forward to discussing next steps.” Another key piece to landing your dream client using LinkedIn is to make sure your LinkedIn page is optimized to highlight relevant professional experience. Most key executives will look at your LinkedIn profile at some point during the process I described, so make sure it is up to date and on par with the product you are attempting to sell. The combination of the steps above will help ensure a higher rate of response to your offer. Once you receive the reply stating your target executive wants to set up a meeting to discuss your product, it is up to you and your team to close them! I have shared this hack with multiple entrepreneurs who have successfully used it to gain the attention of the employees who can greenlight working with their companies. Using this method effectively can save you time and money acquiring new customers during a very important stage of your startup/entrepreneurial journey to becoming a unicorn. ",856,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886286571,2021-03-23 08:16:02,Ryan Jacob is in the top 1% of his investor peers. He shares the lessons learned by rebuilding his internet fund after the dot-com crash wiped out more than 90% of its value — and breaks down why tech stocks are not in a bubble today.,https://www.businessinsider.com/stock-market-analysis-tech-not-dot-com-bubble-ryan-jacob-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. But it doesn't tell the full story of its founder, Ryan Jacob, who was 29 at the time. It doesn't show the triple-digit returns that Jacob generated for investors from 1997-1999 as manager of what was called The Internet Fund at the time, performance that allowed Jacob to start his own fund. ""Because my fund started in '99, I don't really get credit for the run-up. I only get credit for the bust,"" Jacob told Insider on March 18. ""A lot of people kind of left us for roadkill at that point."" But Jacob has once again had his run-up. Since its bottom in 2002, the fund has returned more than 2,300%. From last March's stock market bottom, it's up 232%, beating the tech-loaded Nasdaq 100's 87% rise. Over that last 10 years, Jacob has beaten 99% of his peers. And though it's complicated to exactly calculate performance with mutual funds because they are required to give payouts to shareholders, shares of his fund — at $11.66 — are now hovering around their initial price 21 years ago. Jacob attributes some of the success he's had over the last two decades to his experience in the late 90s and early 2000s. He said it taught him to be more conscious of market conditions and structural trends when buying a dip in a share price, instead of just buying it because it had become cheaper.  This helped him in 2008 during the global financial crisis, when he saw other managers buying into failing firms like Bear Stearns, he said.  If anyone knows how to navigate a tech bubble, it's Jacob, who cut his teeth in the sector's most glorious and subsequently difficult time. He says while the sector may have steep valuations, it's not positioned at all like it was in 2000.  ""Anyone who went through that period, there's echoes of it, but it's not anything like that. It really isn't,"" Jacob said. ""You might get some sort of larger, broader correction, but these internet companies, a lot of their customers are Fortune 500 companies,"" he continued. ""It's nothing like it was in the late 1990s, when you had this kind of new economy being born where everyone was everyone else's customer. ""Mature companies, if they were involved in ecommerce or internet advertising, it was experimental. Today, it's not experimental, it's core to what they're doing. In some cases it's getting a majority of their focus. It's just completely different.""  Still, Jacob isn't totally sold on some of the other large-cap growth stocks that have driven market indexes in recent years — at least in terms of being investments that will grow at the above-GDP rate he's interested in. Even Google and Facebook, with his robust growth expectations, are middle-of-the-road holdings in the Jacob Internet Fund. He tends instead to gravitate toward smaller-cap firms, which may initially be a surprise considering the fund's strong performance and the fact that the pandemic made large-cap internet and tech stocks the most crowded trade among fund managers as their share prices soared. Small-caps have seen considerable outperformance since last fall amid rising interest rates and a stronger outlook for the economic recovery. It's a trend that many equity strategists see continuing. After years of falling interest rates and large-cap growth outperformance relative to small-caps, it's a welcome change for Jacob — and as his fund's shares approach their 2000 price levels, one that's well-timed.  
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",691,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886208291,2021-03-23 05:55:41,New York nursing home collapses in massive fire,https://www.foxnews.com/us/new-york-nursing-home-fire-leaves-multiple-people-trapped,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. More than eight hours later, the blaze has continued to rage at Evergreen Court, an assisted living facility in Spring Valley about 40 miles north of Manhattan. NEW YORK TEENS CHARGED WITH SETTING MAN ON FIRE INSIDE HIS OWN HOME Twenty-three of the 27 volunteer fire departments in Rothland County, New York, responded to the scene, with more than 100 firefighters. The missing firefighter is from the local Spring Valley Fire Department, officials said. He was reportedly on the third floor attempting to rescue residents when parts of the structure began to collapse, and he then sent out a distress call.  ""The mayday was answered. However, with the extent of the fire, the volume of fire, the conditions were just too unbearable where firefighters went in, they just could not locate the firefighter and they headed back out,"" Rockland County Fire and EMS Director Chris Kear told reporters on Tuesday. A mini excavator is being brought in in an effort to locate the missing firefighter. It is known that Evergreen Court had a partial sprinkler, but the cause of the fire is still under investigation. MASKED MAN TOSSED MOLOTOV COCKTAIL AT PHILADELPHIA DAY CARE, POLICE SAY Earlier reports indicated that people may have been trapped inside. First responders were seen evacuating people from inside the building, videos showed. Some of the seniors were evacuated to another facility, tweeted witness Benny Polatseck. Another eyewitness, Mark Kennedy posted pictures and videos of the blaze on social media, which could be seen for miles Firefighters and emergency personal continued to fight the inferno into the early hours of the morning, videos showed.  CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inbox Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! ",310,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886308829,2021-03-23 08:09:02,Five ways that ‘political fox’ Netanyahu has clung to power,https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/netanyahu-israel-elections-scandal/2021/03/23/188d85ba-8b1f-11eb-a33e-da28941cb9ac_story.html?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_world,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"TEL AVIV — To critics and supporters alike, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is known as the ""magician,"" the ""wizard"" and a slew of other nicknames that speak to his unique ability to maneuver his way out of political jams. Decade after decade, he has exploited opportunities that few else saw and made spectacle part of his political brand. This is how he did it. In the prelude to the 1995 assassination of Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin by an ultranationalist Israeli settler, many blamed then-opposition leader Netanyahu for contributing to — or at least failing to quell — violence and hate among his right-wing base. In 2005, Netanyahu quit Prime Minister Ariel Sharon’s cabinet in protest of his decision to withdraw Israeli settlers from the Gaza Strip, after publicly announcing he would not have. The move was seen as a bid to reposition himself as Likud leader after, as predicted, Sharon would step down to form a new centrist party known as Kadima. Although Likud finished second in the 2009 vote, Netanyahu managed to create a coalition with other right-wing parties and was sworn in, for the second time, as prime minister. Instead of addressing peace with the Palestinians, when Netanyahu returned to power, he focused the discourse inward: to the decades-old domestic conflict between Ashkenazim (Jews who had originally arrived to Israel from Europe) and Mizrahim (from Arab countries and historically subject to state discrimination). Though Netanyahu was himself the picture of Ashkenazi elite, he fashioned himself a warrior for the Mizrahi working class and championed its goals of promoting Israel’s Jewish character and preventing the establishment of a Palestinian state. Israelis head to polls with Netanyahu battling to remain prime minister As early as the 1993 “Bibi-gate,” a sex, lies and videotape scandal in which Netanyahu  confessed to an extramarital affair, the Israeli leader has maintained that his rivals are committed to toppling him from power with trumped-up scandals. Many Israelis view the spending as indicative of a more fundamental culture of shameless corruption in the prime minister’s residence. In his most recent corruption probe, in which Netanyahu is on trial for bribery, fraud and breach of trust, he has accused the courts of participating in a “witch hunt” against him. Whenever faced with rivals, Netanyahu has offered them jobs, alliances and support, which they mostly don’t survive. In the meantime, he pulls off another escape. In 2013, a weakened Netanyahu begrudgingly joined a coalition government with his centrist rival, Yair Lapid, who delivered him the more than 61-seat majority he needed to rule the Knesset. Netanyahu assigned Lapid the role of finance minister, a role that Lapid himself said he did not want, and gave another competitor, Tzipi Livni, the role of justice minister. Netanyahu fired them both in 2014, claiming he would “no longer tolerate opposition within the government.” He called for a dissolution of the Knesset and new elections. “Gantz was outmaneuvered by an old political fox like Bibi, so he burned his political capital,” said Emmanuel Navon, a lecturer at Tel Aviv University’s political science department. “But now, the big question is again: Will Netanyahu have the 61?” 
 
 As Israel votes again, Palestinians still wait their turn The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",553,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886309104,2021-03-23 07:57:27,Amazon was supposed to kill Instacart. Instead Instacart became a mini-Amazon,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/V_GycIMJ5_M/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886308809,2021-03-23 08:23:02,Evacuation orders are issued across New South Wales amid warnings some floodwaters are yet to peak,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392473/Evacuation-orders-issued-New-South-Wales-amid-warnings-floodwaters-peak.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/,"Rain is finally easing in Sydney after five days of wild weather but the nightmare is not over yet for riverside towns and suburbs with fresh flood warnings issued as water levels keep rising.  After so much rain the burst the banks of rivers from Parramatta in Sydney to the Hastings River near Port Macquarie on the mid-north coast that immense flooding will continue for days or weeks. Bureau of Meteorology forecaster Agata Imielska said many low-lying inland areas were still under serious threat with rain falling on already flooded areas. 'With that those dangerous conditions… that flood risk is very much with us and it is very important for the communities to stay across the current flood and severe weather warnings,' she said. 'We're not out of the woods yet.' Damon Arnette threatens to kill someone while brandishing gun Howard Stern rips Aaron Rodgers over misleading vaccination comments Hunter seen shockingly kicking horse during Hertfordshire hunt Republican Paul Gosar tweets anime mashup showing him kill AOC Two-toed baby sloth surprises zookeepers with speedy birth Surveillance footage of two gunmen before killing at Mexico hotel Not guilty verdict after two pit bulls mauled elderly woman to death Owner screams of fright as dog throws squirrel at her Travis Scott tells crowd to 'f**k up' fan who 'tried to steal shoe' Little House on the Prarie star talks upcoming book about the show 'I lost my son:' Heartbroken Astroworld victim's dad sues organizers AOC tells activists to 'stay in the streets' at climate summit Comboyne (1,034mm) and Mount Seaview (1,083mm), both on the mid-north coast, were among the areas to get more than a metre of rain. Flood warnings for the swollen Nepean, Hawkesbury, and Colo Rivers on Sydney's outskirts remain in place as even a little more rain will raise waters higher. SES Commissioner Carlene York said more flooding was expected in Colo, northwest of Sydney, overnight. 'This rain is incredible and it's just not stopping,' she told 2GB radio. 'The Colo River is rising much more rapidly than we expected. There are around 200 homes that are already isolated and access is quite difficult.' The Hunter River is expected to reach 11.5m tomorrow, prompting evacuation orders for low-lying areas downstream of Singleton. The south coast of NSW is now under threat as well, with the weather system that drenched Sydney and the north of the state moving south. 'When that low pressure system comes through later today, we will see heavy rainfall and flood risk on the south coast as well,' Ms Imielska said.  A family of four, including two young children were plucked from raging floodwaters in the Hawkesbury on Tuesday after the SES rescue boat capsized Metricon Stadium on the Gold Coast was surrounded by floodwaters on Tuesday- with more heavy rain on the way Farther north, more heavy rain and flooding is expected to create further chaos and mass evacuations in Southeast Queensland, as an emerging risk develops for eastern Victoria and eastern Tasmania. Queensland Fire and Emergency Services said properties in Beaudesert were under threat as the Logan River was bursting after heavy rain. 'Residents in the area have been asked to secure their belongings, warn their neighbours and move to higher ground,' it said. Ten million Australians along the east coast between Brisbane in the north and Hobart in the south are under threat from heavy rainfall. The flooding risk for NSW remains high as Sydney's skies began to clear late Tuesday after days of heavy rain and widespread flooding. This map shows the areas (in yellow) under a severe weather warning from Queensland to Tasmania  Many residents along the flooded Hawkesbury River in Sydney's north-west chose not to evacuate. Pictured are residents keeping a watchful eye on the swollen river lapping their homes The Bureau of Meteorology warns the extreme weather battering all mainland states and territories bar Western Australia is far from over. 'After days of heavy rain we're finally seeing it start to ease,' the bureau tweeted on Tuesday night. 'While it's some good news for hard-hit communities, it's not the end of the story. Many areas are still facing significant flood risk, and in some communities waters are yet to peak.'  In northern NSW, residents in low-lying areas of Southgate along the Clarence River were ordered to evacuate on Tuesday night.  'Once floodwater passes 5.4m on the Grafton gauge roads in and around Southgate will begin to close and properties may become inundated,' an SES alert stated Moree residents on the NSW northern tablelands was issued with a similar warning with the Mehi River predicted to peak at 10.4m on Wednesday night. It will also be a sleepless night for many residents in the Hunter Valley north of Sydney, where residents in low-lying areas of Singleton have been warned to prepare to evacuate The Hunter River burst its banks on Tuesday night with flood levels expected to hit 11.5m early Wednesday morning. 'Storm and flood impacts may interrupt essential services such as electricity, phones, internet, water and sewerage,' the SES Hunter Unit said in a statement. 'People in these areas need to closely monitor weather and road closures and make informed decisions early based on individual circumstances. 'Residents should monitor the situation and be prepared to evacuate when instructed to do so.'  More heavy rain is on the way for northern NSW. Pictured is flooded farm land near Lismore A farmer paddles his kayak through a field near Kempsey on the NSW mid north coast on Tuesday  Sydney's north-west isn't out of the woods just yet with major flood warning still in place. Pictured is Windsor inundated with water on Tuesday An inland weather system coming across from the Northern Territory is blighting the towns of Grafton and Lismore in the NSW northern rivers region. Evacuation warnings remain at Kempsey on the NSW mid north coast, while the Hunter, the Central Tablelands and the south coast are in for a drenching. A major flood warning also remains place for the Orara River at Glenreagh and Coutts Crossing in northern NSW. The flooding crisis in Sydney isn't over either with warnings of moderate flooding along the Nepean River at Penrith. A major flood warning was issued for the Upper Nepean and Hawkesbury River at North Richmond was issued Tuesday night.  Rain began to ease in coastal areas on Tuesday evening, but the Bureau of Meteorology says conditions will remain severe for inland NSW. Parts of northern NSW and far south coast (in blue) will cop another soaking on Wednesday NSW Premier Gladys Berejiklian said locals affected by the catastrophic weather event were at 'breaking point'. Pictured: McGraths Hill, north-west of Sydney Sunnier skies in coastal NSW will not end flood risks, with rain catchments continuing to flow into bursting rivers. 'It is very important to remember that even though we'll have blue sky and sunshine returning, flooding will continue and the flood risk will continue,' bureau meteorologist Agata Imielska told reporters on Tuesday. NSW Premier Gladys Berejiklian also warned the rivers will continue rising after the rain stopped. 'If you have been asked to be on alert for evacuation, please get together your precious belongings, make sure you are safe and make sure you're ready to leave at very short notice,' Ms Berejiklian told reporters. Already, 34 NSW councils have declared natural disaster zones, with the powerful storm that lashed the state's north coast and western Sydney now spreading to the Illawarra region on the south coast, where 100-200mm of rain were forecast across the region on Tuesday, peaking at 300mm in some parts. Damaging winds, heavy rainfall, abnormally high tides and damaging surf are forecast for the NSW south coast and parts of the Southern Tablelands and Snowy Mountains. 'A low pressure trough and rain band continue to recede to the southeast with a forecast easing in rate rates, winds and surf conditions Tuesday evening,' the bureau said. 'In the wake of Tuesday low pressure trough, strong and gusty westerly winds will push across the central and southern ranges stretching to areas of the Illawarra.'  Further north, an extreme weather causing havoc across southern Queensland is expected to continue into Wednesday after roads were cut off, schools closed and evacuations triggered. A major flood warning is active for the Logan River, inland from the Gold Coast, and the Bureau of Meteorology is predicting more heavy rain. 'There is a risk of further flash flooding, particularly in areas of steep terrain that have been recently affected by heavy rainfall,'  the bureau said in a statement on Tuesday. The rain band is expected to clear on Wednesday with more more settled conditions expected across southern Queensland. A Swift Water Rescue team from the Queensland Fire and Emergency Services rescued two men from their car in floodwaters  at Beaudesert near Brisbane on Tuesday Flash flooding cuts a road at Mudgeeraba on the Gold Coast on Tuesday with more road closures expected on Wednesday, when more rain is forecast Four homes on the Gold Coast were evacuated due to landslide risk while more than 100 properties were inspected for damage in the southeast.  East of Brisbane, Lake Manchester Dam is spilling water and Seqwater has warned those downstream to avoid fast-flowing waterways and flood plains. The Nerang and Coomera rivers on the Gold Coast have burst their banks, and there's a flood warning for Maroochy and Mooloolah rivers on the Sunshine Coast. Minor flood warnings were issued for the Albert and Logan rivers, south of Brisbane, and a number of rivers in the Maranoa and Warrego districts in the state's southwest. Queensland Fire and Emergency Services co-ordinator Brian Cox urged residents not to leave their homes and if they do to take extreme caution. 'Be really vigilant, I mean the first thing is don't go out today, don't,' he told 4BC Radio. 'But if you do, please drive by the road conditions, look out for pedestrians, cyclists. We're asking people to be really, really cautious. 'It will not take much with the current rainfall they've already experienced, and the saturation levels we've currently got across southeast Queensland, for any minor storm to hit, to raise those flood levels and water levels across roads and as you know that can be quite dangerous.' The weather in NSW and Queensland will clear in the coming days, when the focus will turn to further south. 'To the relief of many, this stubborn weather system finally clears NSW and Queensland on Wednesday, leaving them relatively weather free,' BOM meteorologist Jackson Browne said. 'The coastal low moves into eastern Bass Straight on Wednesday, shifting our focus to the south. 'Very heavy rain is forecast for exposed and elevated areas of the eastern Bass Strait and eastern Tasmania.' Up to 100mm is expected to fall with up to 200mm on higher terrain. Alicia Pitt and son Travis are evacuated by a rescue boat after getting trapped by floodwaters on the Hawkesbury River on Tuesday WEDNESDAY: Min 18. Max 30. Sunny.  THURSDAY: Min 18. Max 28 Mostly sunny. FRIDAY: Min 17. Max 25. Shower or two. SATURDAY: Min 17. Max 27. Partly cloudy. SUNDAY: Min 17. Max 25. Partly cloudy. WEDNESDAY: Min 23. Max 32. Possible morning storm. THURSDAY: Min 20. Max 31. Sunny. FRIDAY: Min 19. Max 29. Sunny. SATURDAY: Min 20. Max 29. Mostly sunny. SUNDAY: Min 19. Max 30. Sunny. WEDNESDAY: Min 15. Max 23. Shower or two. THURSDAY: Min 14. Max 21. Partly cloudy. FRIDAY: Min 13. Max 24. Partly cloudy. SATURDAY: Min 15. Max 22. Possible shower. SUNDAY: Min 13. Max 22. Partly cloudy. WEDNESDAY: Min 13. Max 21. Shower or two. THURSDAY: Min 12. Max 22. Partly cloudy. FRIDAY: Min 7. Max 21. Mostly sunny.  SATURDAY: Min 9. Max 21. Possible shower. SUNDAY: Min 7. Max 21. Partly cloudy. WEDNESDAY: Min 16. Max 19. Showers. THURSDAY: Min 15. Max 20. Shower or two. FRIDAY: Min 12. Max 23. Partly cloudy. SATURDAY: Min 15. Max 19. Shower or two. SUNDAY: Min 12. Max 18. Possible shower. WEDNESDAY: Min 13. Max 26. Sunny. THURSDAY: Min 14. Max 25. Sunny. FRIDAY: Min 15. Max 26. Sunny. SATURDAY: Min 14. Max 30. Sunny. SUNDAY: Min 18. Max 32. Sunny. WEDNESDAY: Min 16. Max 19. Rain. Possible heavy falls. THURSDAY: Min 15. Max 20. Morning rain.  FRIDAY: Min 11. Max 21. Partly cloudy. SATURDAY: Min 12. Max 18. Shower or two. SUNDAY: Min 10. Max 19. Partly cloudy. WEDNESDAY: Min 25. Max 32. Shower or two. Possible storm. THURSDAY: Min 25. Max 31. Shower or two. Storm likely FRIDAY: Min 25. Max 31. Shower or two. Storm likely. SATURDAY: Min 25. Max 32. Shower or two. Possible storm. SUNDAY: Min 25. Max 33. Shower or two. Possible storm. Source: Bureau of Meteorology  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",2101,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295521,2021-03-23 08:19:36,Trump Approached Conservative Media App Gab Before Announcing Plans To Start His Own App,https://www.forbes.com/sites/abrambrown/2021/03/23/trump-gab-parler-social-media-app-network/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Photo by Ben Gabbe/Getty Images, Design by Forbes One possible route: through Gab, a social network popular among conservatives. Trump had never been active on the site, but when his team thought about joining it in January, representatives of Jared Kushner, the president’s senior advisor and son-in-law, asked for equity in the company in exchange for Trump’s presence and voice on the platform, says Gab founder Andrew Torba. The offer was made over a telephone call, and Torba declined it: “The second it was brought up, it was, ‘No, I’m not entertaining that.’”  Trump never joined Gab or Parler, and a spokesman for the ex-president denies the pitch for equity ever happened. Parscale and former Parler CEO John Matze didn’t respond to requests for comment. Even if Trump could successfully woo Big Tech firms, it would almost certainly take longer than a couple of months to build out anything more than the most rudimentary site. “I don’t see this thing really taking off unless they’re willing to invest a lot more time than two to three months—and a lot more money than I think they are probably willing to,” says Nina Jankowicz, who studies social media as a disinformation fellow at The Wilson Center’s Science and Technology Innovation Program. The encounters with Gab and Parler show that Trump is facing resistance even among sites that share his politics. “It could not be more clear or well-documented how difficult it is to work with him,’’ says Cooper Teboe, a Democratic fundraising strategist in Silicon Valley. “I don’t think any entrepreneur, regardless of political orientation, wants to partner with someone who will take 49% control of their company on certain terms and conditions and then decide a month later he wants new terms and conditions.’’ As with all things Trump, the details around a purchase would almost certainly be fungible—whether he’d own it all or own it with other investors, whether he’d pay cash for it or take on debt. ",330,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886208287,2021-03-23 06:12:57,"Saint Teresa of Calcutta: What to know about the heroic Catholic nun, Nobel Peace Prize recipient",https://www.foxnews.com/world/saint-teresa-calcutta-mother-what-to-know-catholic-nun-nobel-peace-prize-recipient,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. Born Agnes Gonxha Bojaxhiu in Skopje, Macedonia, she experienced tragedy at a young age with the death of her father. According to Biography.com, Bojaxhiu's mother, Drana, invited the destitute of the city to dine with their family. She was said to have told her daughter: ""My child, never eat a single mouthful unless you are sharing it with others."" The future saint first felt a call towards religious life at 12 years of age, when her congregation made a pilgrimage to the Church of the Black Madonna in Letnice. At 18, she traveled to Ireland to join the Sisters of Loreto in Dublin and took the name ""Teresa"" after the 19th Century St. Therese of Lisieux.  After a brief stay, she traveled to Darjeeling, India and eventually Calcutta, where she taught at a girls' school. Her time as an educator included serving as principal at that school starting in 1944. But shortly thereafter, during a train ride in 1946, she felt what she described as a ""call within a call."" VATICAN DECLARES MOTHER TERESA A PATRON SAINT OF CALCUTTA MEETING MOTHER TERESA: I'LL NEVER FORGET WHAT I SAW IN HER FACE Mother Teresa's road to sainthood began earlier than expected in 1999 - two years after her death. Traditionally, there is a minimum five-year waiting period after a person's death before the nomination can be submitted. Pope John Paul II cut three years off the waiting period for Mother Teresa – the first time it was ever done in the modern papal era. Pope Francis, in 2015, cleared her for canonization -- the final step in the declaration of a saint. To reach this stage, a second miracle, attributed to prayers made to the candidate after they have been beatified, must be met. In Mother Teresa’s case, a Brazilian man had been cured of a viral brain infection years earlier after his wife prayed for Mother Teresa's intercession.  Tens of thousands witnessed her canonization in Italy on Sept. 4, 2016. ""Mother Teresa,"" Pope Francis said at the time, ""in all aspects of her life, was a generous dispenser of divine mercy, making herself available for everyone through her welcome and defense of human life, those unborn and those abandoned and discarded."" As a Catholic nun, she came under heavy criticism for standing by Church teaching on abortion. Just years after the landmark decision in Roe v. Wade, Mother Teresa declared abortion the ""greatest destroyer of peace today."" MOTHER TERESA DECLARED A SAINT BY CATHOLIC CHURCH ""For if a mother can murder her own child in her own womb, what is left for you and for me to kill each other?"" she asked in her 1979 Nobel acceptance speech. She also decried the practice in a jaw-dropping speech in front of former President Bill Clinton and then-Fiirst Lady Hillary Clinton in 1994.  During the National Prayer Breakfast, she said: ""By abortion, the mother does not learn to love, but kills even her own child to solve her problems ... abortion just leads to more abortion. Any country that accepts abortion is not teaching its people to love, but to use any violence to get what they want. This is why the greatest destroyer of love and peace is abortion."" CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Her position on that issue encountered criticism from renowned atheist Christopher Hitchens, who suggested she stunted efforts at fighting poverty. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inbox Subscribed You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter! ",605,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886308827,2021-03-23 08:16:47,"Deadly fire in a Rohingya refugee camp in Bangladesh kills 15, hundreds missing",https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/2021/03/23/rohingya-refugee-camp-fire-bangaldesh/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_world,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"NEW DELHI — A devastating fire that tore through a sprawling Rohingya refugee camp in Bangladesh killed 15 people and left tens of thousands homeless, the United Nations said Tuesday. More than 550 people were injured and 400 remain missing.  Videos on social media showed thick, black smoke rising from the fire that ravaged the shanties in the densely populated camp. “I was in my house when I saw the fire,” said Abdur Rahim, a refugee. “Many people who had their shelter burned down spent the night in the open.” One of his nephews is missing, he said. Louise Donovan, a spokeswoman for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees in Cox’s Bazar, said that at least 10,000 shelters were damaged and that nearly 45,000 people were displaced. The cause of the fire was not clear. Rohingya refugees worry that Myanmar’s coup will only prolong their plight Government authorities and humanitarian workers pitched in with emergency supplies and drinking water. Teams from the U.N. World Food Program provided meals and the Children’s Emergency Fund helped evacuate the refugees. Human rights groups opposed the move, questioning the island’s habitability: Bhasan Char, which is 20 miles off the mainland, is at risk of flooding and submersion during the monsoon season. Bangladesh begins relocating Rohingya refugees to remote island, despite human rights concerns Azad Majumdar contributed to this report from Dhaka, Bangladesh. The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",246,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886308808,2021-03-23 08:23:32,Tucker Carlson launches new attack on Biden over border chaos,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392889/Tucker-Carlson-launches-new-attack-Biden-border-chaos.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 426 But Carlson insisted 'Biden wanted this to happen' berating the president for telling refugees during the 2020 campaign that 'you should come'.  'The people streaming across the border want better lives for their families, and no one can hate them for that, least of all us,' Carlson said.  'The people to blame are the reckless ideologues who caused this disaster. Joe Biden tops that list. Biden wanted this to happen. He said so out loud at a Democratic debate.'  Tucker Carlson renewed his attack on Joe Biden's border policies on his Fox News show last night but insisted he was not blaming migrants for 'streaming across the border'  Carlson played a clip from the September 2019 Democratic debate in which Biden was asked why Latino voters should trust him after deportations had taken place during the Obama-Biden years.  After defending Obama's policies, Biden added: 'What I would do as president is several more things, because things have changed. 'I would in fact make sure that... we immediately surge to the border all those people who are seeking asylum.  'They deserve to be heard, that's who we are. We're a nation that says, if you want to flee and you're fleeing oppression, you should come'.  Carlson said in his monologue on Monday that the Biden administration has 'lost control of our main international border' as facilities on the southern border fill up.  'The overwhelming majority of these foreign nationals will remain here permanently,' Carlson claimed.  'If the Democratic Party has its way, they will become citizens and registered voters. These numbers are enormous, it's hard to comprehend just how big.  'It's roughly the equivalent of a brand new Chicago every year, a city populated entirely by poor people with limited education who can't speak English. Now, you're not supposed to say any of that, but so what? It's true.'  Carlson played a clip from a September 2019 Democratic debate (pictured) in which Biden said America was 'a nation that says, if you're fleeing oppression, you should come' Congressman Henry Cuellar released images of migrants lying on the floor at a facility in Donna, Texas as  US officials struggle to process rising numbers of unaccompanied children Carlson also played an ABC News clip of a migrant from Brazil saying he would not have come during the Trump presidency.  'They're running from collapsing countries - they're running toward Joe Biden. You could have seen this coming,' Carlson said.   He also sought to forestall a 'lecture about how opposing open borders is racist' by touting Trump's performance in Hispanic-majority areas in South Texas last year.  'The all-Hispanic counties of South Texas don't like open borders either. They made that very clear in the way they voted in November,' he said  Many South Texas counties saw dramatic swings to Trump even as Biden made gains nationwide, although some still backed the Democrats by much-reduced margins.  Biden's border policies since taking office have been mired in controversy over the fate of migrant children and confusing messaging by US officials.   Construction workers have been seen frantically building new tent cities to house migrant children in Texas Meanwhile, the number of families arrested at the border nearly trebled in February from a month earlier, climbing to about 19,000.  Republicans have accused the White House of 'hiding the truth' by preventing journalists from visiting border facilities. Biden's homeland security secretary Alejandro Mayorkas did not deny that 5,200 children are being held in centers meant for adults, above the peak under Trump.   Senator Chris Murphy, a Democrat, said he saw hundreds of children packed into a 'big, open room,' and 'fought back tears' as he listened to a 13-year-old girl.   Online forums are awash with questions from would-be migrants about the current status of the border and whether families with children are being allowed to cross.  The posts sometimes lead to more than a hundred often contradictory answers from fellow migrants and some claiming to be smugglers.  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",678,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886309096,2021-03-23 08:00:31,Taco Bell is getting a new look,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/SfdciOifTyQ/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295515,2021-03-23 08:20:00,5 Ways Successful People Avoid Overthinking,https://www.forbes.com/sites/averyblank/2021/03/23/5-ways-successful-people-avoid-overthinking/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Get rid of the rumination and worry. You want to think critically about your work, but watch out for overthinking things. If you find you are thinking about the same thing repeatedly, it is time for a new approach.  It is understandable to worry that your idea is not good enough and believe that you can make it better by spending more time thinking about it. But when you obsess over it, you are wasting time and energy. Here are five ways to help stop yourself from overthinking: 1.     Perfection can negatively impact your productivity. Ask yourself, “Is it more important that I be perfect or that I be productive?” Perfection, even if you think you may have obtained it, is unattainable.  Perfection is an unrealistic goal, a goal that can undermine your productivity and ability to get things done effectively and efficiently. That is, you don’t have to be a perfectionist to be productive. You don’t have to be a perfectionist to be effective. You don’t have to be a perfectionist to be successful. 2.     You are smart. Trust yourself. You are in your role because you have the intelligence to do the job. You don’t have to overthink. Believe in yourself. Believe in your idea. Have confidence. 3.     You will make mistakes. You are human. You will make mistakes, even if you think intensely about your work. Don’t waste your time and energy overthinking.  Still, knowing that there is always the potential for mistakes does not excuse you from putting in a solid effort and giving your best and all to your work. You may be human, but you are also smart. Put your intelligence to work. 4.     Few ideas become better by thinking more. Successful people brainstorm, but they don’t overdo it. You may have felt drained after a long brainstorming session. It could be telling you that you drained your energy on an idea that did not get better over time. Stop overthinking. 5.     Time is money. In business, time is money. The more time you spend on one thing, the less time you spend on something else. Make sure you are spending your time the right way.  Some work products need to be excellent. Some work just needs to be good enough. Successful people are smart enough to know the difference and to discern the level of effort and care needed for each task or project. Overthinking is overdoing it, which means that it is unnecessary. Fight the urge to be perfect. Remember you are smart and, even despite that, you will make mistakes because you are human. Ideas don’t tend to get better with time, and time is money. ",441,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886309092,2021-03-23 08:02:49,Postmaster General set to announce 10-year plan including longer mail delivery times and cuts to post office hours,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/XExOq76fHhg/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,CNN's Gregory Wallace contributed to this report. ,8,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886308807,2021-03-23 08:24:21,Vladimir Putin will receive Russian-made Covid jab in private tonight,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392971/Vladimir-Putin-receive-Russian-Covid-jab-private-tonight.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 131 Russia hopes to make more money on Covid-19 vaccines than selling Kalashnikov guns and other weapons. 'Sputnik V is our new oil,' declared pro-Kremlin popular newspaper Komsomolskaya Pravda (KP). The claims came as Vladimir Putin was today being vaccinated against coronavirus, according to the Kremlin. His spokesman did not say which of three Russian-made vaccines Putin was being jabbed with. Vladimir Putin (pictured) was today being vaccinated against coronavirus, in private, the Kremlin said Pro-Kremlin popular newspaper Komsomolskaya Pravda (KP) has made claims that Russia hopes to make more money from their new Sputnik V Covid-19 vaccine (pictured) than they currently earn from sales of oil and Kalashnikov guns 'We expect that he will get a vaccine shot by the end of the day,' said Dmitry Peskov. 'We will not show this, you will have to take our word for it.' He told reporters: 'As for being vaccinated in front of the cameras, he does not like it.' Russia today said it would manufacture 89 million doses of vaccine in the first six months of this year, a combined figure for three separate drugs - Sputnik V, EpiVacCorona, and CoviVac. Russian Deputy Prime Minister Tatiana Golikova said herd immunity should be achieved in Russia by summer. 'We think that if vaccination continues at a pace it is carried out now, we will be able to attain this goal in August. But I think the process will be faster,' she said. Kirill Dmitriev (pictured), head of the Russian Direct Investment Fund, said: 'We have the best vaccine, and it has nothing to do with politics' Russia today said it would manufacture 89 million doses of vaccine in the first six months of this year, a combined figure for three separate drugs - Sputnik V, EpiVacCorona, and CoviVac KP boasted - without giving figures - that Sputnik V, Russia's first vaccine, will be a major money spinner for the country. It headlined a story declaring: 'Sputnik V is our new oil: Russia will make more money on vaccines than on weapons.' Kirill Dmitriev, head of the Russian Direct Investment Fund, was quoted saying: 'We have the best vaccine, and it has nothing to do with politics.'  Political expert Vitaly Tretyakov said: 'A year ago, everyone doubted our abilities….' But 'when a big threat arose, our system began to work super efficiently, because it was necessary to solve a specific problem in a very short time.' Russian political expert Vitaly Tretyakov (pictured) said that when the threat of Covid rose up, Russia's system 'began to work super efficiently' KP boasted - without giving figures - that Sputnik V, Russia's first vaccine, will be a major money spinner for the country, potentially outstripping their exports of oil (stock image) The article claims that 'everyone wins when we give our vaccine to other countries to produce'. But Russia's hopes of cashing in on its vaccines depend on a huge increase in production. So far 6.3 million Russians have been vaccinated, with 4.3 million having had two jabs. In 2019, Russia sold $13 billion worth of weapons, while last year it made $73 billion from oil sales. Pictured: An infographic outlining how Russia's coronavirus vaccines differ from ones already available in the west and how it works to combat the virus Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said that the 68-year-old Russian leader, who has never been media shy during his two decades in power, does not want to get a jab in front of the cameras. 'We will not show this, you will have to take our word for it,' Peskov told reporters. 'As for being vaccinated in front of the cameras, he does not like it.' Peskov said the Kremlin chief would receive one of three Russian vaccines, declining to specify which one 'on purpose'. 'All three Russian vaccines proved their effectiveness and reliability,' Peskov said. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said that the 68-year-old Russian leader does not want to get a jab in front of the cameras (pictured, a health worker gives a dose of Sputnik V to a patient in Moscow, Russia on Tuesday) Russia has developed three vaccines - Sputnik V (pictured), EpiVacCorona and CoviVac, though most of the attention has focused on Sputnik, named after the first satellite launched into space by the Soviet Union Russia has developed three vaccines - Sputnik V, EpiVacCorona and CoviVac, though most of the attention has focused on Sputnik, named after the first satellite launched into space by the Soviet Union.   Russia registered the Sputnik V vaccine last August, ahead of large-scale clinical trials, sparking concern among many experts over the fast-track process.  But trial results published in The Lancet last month showed Sputnik V having 91.6 per cent efficacy, going some way to dispel Western doubts about the shot.   EU regulators are studying the trial data in a step towards possible approval by the European Medicines Agency in what would be a propaganda coup for Putin.  Russia's vaccination campaign has been slower than in many countries but Peskov said Putin did not have to get vaccinated in public to encourage more Russians to get jabs. 'The president is doing a lot to promote vaccines as is,' Peskov said. Only about four million of the country's 144 million people have so far received two doses of a vaccine, while another two million have had a first dose.    Vaccine scepticism runs high in Russia, with a recent opinion poll showing less than a third willing to have a jab, and close to two-thirds saying they believe the coronavirus is a man-made biological weapon. The country has been among the hardest hit by Covid-19, with more than 4.4 million cases of the coronavirus and more than 95,000 deaths. Vaccine scepticism runs high in Russia, with a recent opinion poll showing less than a third willing to have a jab (pictured, servicemen wait to receive the vaccine in Moscow, Russia) Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",1003,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295509,2021-03-23 08:20:00,Why You Only Need To Meet 40% Of Requirements In Job Descriptions,https://www.forbes.com/sites/ruthgotian/2021/03/23/why-you-only-need-to-meet-40-of-requirements-in-job-descriptions/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"You might be unknowingly sabotaging your job search. At some point, you will need to polish up your resume and start to look for a job. Alternatively, maybe you have been in your position for a while and realize it is time to seek a new challenge. Thanks to the internet, job search strategies are completely reimagined. What worked for you on your last job search may no longer be relevant.  Ian Siegel, the CEO of ZipRecruiter shares tips on how to accelerate your job search and stand out. These are essential lessons as few of us learned how to find a job in our formal or informal education. These are important lessons for new graduates and seasoned employees who are not familiar with the more current job search process, including robots, social media, and virtual interviews. Your Resume It’s Not What You Know. It’s Who You Know Timing is Everything Siegel recommends applying within the first two days after a job is posted. You would be considered against a smaller group, so your ability to stand out improves dramatically. Do not worry if you do not fit all of the criteria listed in the job posting. Siegel calls them a “wish list” and encourages applicants to apply to roles where they meet as few as 40% of the requirements.  Once your resume is noticed, there will be multiple rounds of interviews, a job offer, a  “People are making unconscious judgments about your warmth, competencies, and ability to be hired within seconds,” said Siegel.  Here are his favorite tips for overcoming bias in the hiring practice: Whether a new graduate, seasoned employee, veteran, or parent returning to the workforce, there is something in this book you will likely find helpful. You do not need to read the book cover to cover. Instead, review the chapters that are most relevant to your current situation. ",315,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886309087,2021-03-23 08:11:03,Spring breakers spark new Covid concerns,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/pIX_ETYBI0I/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886308806,2021-03-23 08:28:02,Men mock Orlando Bloom's cringeworthy account into his life in California,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392891/Men-mock-Orlando-Blooms-cringeworthy-account-life-California.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 408 Men have mocked Orlando Bloom by parodying his eccentric daily routine after the British actor revealed he hikes early each morning to 'earn' his breakfast, meditates for 20 minutes and plays Lego to distract from Covid. Hollywood star Bloom unwittingly became the focus of international amusement after giving fans a glimpse into his incredibly lavish California lifestyle. In a cringeworthy interview with the Sunday Times, he said he wakes up at 6.30am before checking in on his baby girl while fiancee Katy Perry enjoys a 'lie-in'. The Buddhist then meditates and chants for 20 minutes each days, adds 'brain octane oil' to his pre-breakfast smoothie and hikes while listening to Nirvana. Bloom, best known for his role in Pirates Of The Caribbean, also described how he 'eye-gazes' with his daughter, turned to Lego during the pandemic, and spends 'a lot of time' dreaming about roles 'for minorities and women'. His antics are now being lampooned by men, with Twitter users sharing videos of comics reading extracts of the interview as Hannibal Lecter and cockneys. Others parodied his daily routine by describing how they eat salt and vinegar crisps instead of hearty porridge for breakfast before 'going for a s**te'. In one lengthy post, a Twitter user said how he wakes up around 6am and feels 'absolutely f**ked' to the sound of his daughter's 'blood curdling cry' and has a McDonald's lunch at 11am 'partly as something to do'.     Orlando Bloom - who was born in Kent - explained that he wakes up at 6.30, before checking in on his baby girl while singer Katy, 36, enjoys a 'lie-in' 'I could have come off the rails': On 'craving a routine', Orlando added: 'I've had a Buddhist practice since I was 16, so that's infiltrated my being' (pictured at an art museum in 2017) In a cringeworthy interview with the Sunday Times, Bloom said he wakes up at 6.30am before checking in on his baby girl while fiancee Katy Perry enjoys a 'lie-in' In one lengthy post, a Twitter user said how he wakes up around 6am and feels 'absolutely f**ked' to the sound of his daughter's 'blood curdling cry' and has a McDonald's lunch at 11am Another social media user wrote an 'original version' of Bloom's morning routine which included him getting 'rudely awaken by the dustmen' and feeds the pigeons and sparrows to get 'a sense of enormous well being'. The long parody, posted on Twitter, states: 'I wake up around 6am and feel absolutely f**ked. I can hear my eldest daughter (2) screaming a blood curdling cry, devastated she can't find her cuddly toy. 'I go in and find it in her bed, right next to her. I love her dearly but could happily never see her before 10am for the rest of my life. 'I carry her downstairs, cursing my wife. It's her day to lie in.  'My daughter demands breakfast. I get halfway through explaining a polite way to ask when she tells me to get breakfast and I do as commanded. Being a father is a truly magical experience. 'I get my second daughter from upstairs and she looks up at me as I check social media. I've bought a phone case with my face on the back so she knows what I look like. 'I realise we're almost out of bread so eat the last two bits before telling everyone the bad news and give them their breakfast options. 'I then sit them in front of cartoons whilst I doom scroll. They're both too young for school so this is literally it. All day.  His antics are now being lampooned by men, with Twitter users sharing videos of comics reading extracts of the interview as Hannibal Lecter and cockneys  Orlando Bloom and Katy Perry arrive for the Los Angeles premiere of Amazon Original Series Carnival Row at the TCL Chinese theatre on August 21, 2019 'We eat lunch at around 11am. Partly as something to do, partly because 6am is like waking up in the middle of the night and partly because it's what time McDonalds Daytime Menu starts. 'By the evening everyone is tired but no one wants to sleep. We put the children to bed then spend the next 3 hours walking upstairs to tell them to sleep. 'With the precious time I have I lay traps in the living room for the rats I hear under the floorboards. Now I have space to dream.'  Bloom, 44, who recently purchased a $14.2million compound in Montecito, revealed he starts his day by 'eye-gazing' with his six-month-old daughter Daisy, before engaging in Buddhist chants to help him 'stay on the rails'. The actor also shared how he switches between cooking himself plant-based lunches or having a 'team' of chefs prepare his meals, and insisted he has a ban against tracksuit bottoms at home in a bid to 'make an effort'. Bloom, who was born in Kent, explained that he wakes up at 6.30 and monitors his 'readiness' via his sleep-tracking smart ring app, before checking in on his baby girl while Perry, 36, enjoys a 'lie-in'.  Others parodied his daily routine by describing how they eat salt and vinegar crisps instead of hearty porridge for breakfast before 'going for a s**te' 'I look at a cow and think, that's the most beautiful thing ever': The Canterbury native is '90 per cent plant-based' and eats red meat only once a month (pictured last year) 'Daisy's a very happy baby,' he told the Sunday Times.  'I'll kiss her and we'll spend some time connecting. I'll do eye-gazing with her and sing songs, 'Daddy loves his Daisy Dove', so she knows who Daddy is. My son's first word was 'Mama', but Daisy said 'Dadda'.It's amazing to be a father again.'  The thespian, who also shares son Flynn, 10, with ex-wife Miranda Kerr, enthused about feeling 'less anxious and more present' the second time round. On him and the musician 'craving a routine', Bloom added: 'I've had a Buddhist practice since I was 16, so that's infiltrated my whole being... [without it], I could have easily come off the rails. I feel that I can be the driver of my train.'  The TV and film star also revealed he tries to avoid his phone in the early hours as he 'doesn't want to be sucked into the black hole of social media.'  The father-of-two went on to claim he 'likes to earn' his breakfast, so will mix 'brain octane oil, protein, green and collagen powders' together before going on a hike. His first meal consists of 'porridge, hazelnut milk, cinnamon, vanilla paste, goji berries, a vegan protein powder and a cup of PG Tips', and he'll also make breakfast for his son - who splits time between his home and Miranda's $16million LA mansion.  'I shouldn't have taken it so seriously': Earlier this month, Orlando reflected on having an acting career for more than 20 years (pictured in Pirates Of The Caribbean)  At peace: The thespian, who also shares son Flynn (pictured in 2018), 10, with ex-wife Miranda Kerr, enthused about feeling 'less anxious and more present' the second time round In his element: In a new interview, the actor, 44, revealed he starts his day by engaging in 20-minute Buddhist chants to help him 'stay on the rails' (pictured this month) The Canterbury native is '90 per cent plant-based' and eats red meat only once a month, declaring: 'I look at a cow and think, that's the most beautiful thing ever. At some point we'll look back and not be able to believe we ate meat.'  'I'll have a shower and get dressed. I like to make an effort. No tracksuit bottoms. Lunch is mostly plant-based again... I will cook at times but otherwise there's a team of people. Then I'll have a Zoom and read scripts', Bloom went on. He also keeps busy by working on his Amazon projects, building Lego cars, exercising for an hour and 'dreaming about [screen] roles for minorities and women'.    The Retaliation star ends his day by putting their Daisy to bed and watching a film during dinner, before heading to bed by 11.    'It's amazing to be a father again': The screen star gushed over 'eye-gazing' with his six-month-old daughter Daisy (pictured shortly after her birth last year) 'Eye-gazing' with Daisy, plant-based meals by 'a team' of chefs and a tracksuit-ban: Orlando Bloom has given insight into his life in California with fiancée Katy Perry (pictured in 2020) Here, ALISON BOSHOFF of the Mail has the full story... MEDITATION AND COCONUT BRAIN OIL Bloom says: 'I wake at around 6.30. I have a smart sleep tracker [a ring worn on the finger that measures sleep] and the first thing I do is look at the app to see if I've had a good sleep and check my readiness for the day.' A practising Buddhist from the age of 16, he says he then likes to 'chant for 20 minutes every day, religiously'. Next it's time for a pre-brekkie green smoothie, to which he adds collagen powder for his hair and nails and something called 'brain octane oil'.  Next it's time for a pre-brekkie green smoothie, to which he adds collagen powder for his hair and nails and something called 'brain octane oil' Brain octane oil sells for around £80 Selling for around £80, it's popular with those following a keto (low carb) diet.  Sourced purely from coconuts, it claims to keep cravings at bay and improve brain power. Having, presumably, then 'earned' his breakfast, Orlando tucks in to porridge, a little hazelnut milk, cinnamon, vanilla paste, hazelnuts, goji berries, a vegan protein powder and a cup of PG Tips. 'I'm 90 per cent plant-based, so I'll only eat a really good piece of red meat maybe once a month,' he reveals.  'I sometimes look at a cow and think, that's the most beautiful thing ever.' DRESSING UP TO DREAM According to Orlando, he likes to make an effort — which means no tracksuit bottoms — and spends a lot of his time dreaming about roles for himself and others: for minorities and women and trying to be a voice for everybody. Pictured: Bloom during the 26th Annual Critics Choice Awards on March 7 Been spending lockdown in a ratty old T-shirt and pair of joggers? Shame on you, because Orlando spends the rest of the day carving out 'space to dream', which requires an appropriately dreamy level of dress. According to Orlando, he likes to make an effort - which means no tracksuit bottoms - and spends a lot of his time dreaming about roles for himself and others: for minorities and women and trying to be a voice for everybody. Bloom, you may remember, became famous almost straight after studying drama at the Guildhall in the Lord Of The Rings film franchise playing the elf Legolas.  The films weren't much noted for giving voices to minorities or women, but they did help Bloom to start amassing his £30million fortune. The day winds down not with the horrors of the school run, work deadlines or a large glass of wine but a quiet meal for two prepared by staff. He aims to get to bed by 11, saying: 'If I get eight hours' sleep I'm happy and so is my sleep tracker. Time is so precious. I was always giving my time to other people before. Now I have the space to dream.' ZEN WITH HIS RELIGIOUS MENTOR He shares a religious mentor, Dave, with singer Courtney Love who - pre-pandemic - would visit to chant with him daily Bloom became interested in Buddhism when he was a teenager growing up in Canterbury and a friend at St Edmund's school started talking to him about the philosophy. He formally committed himself to the Soka Gakkai branch of the religion in 2003, undertaking a ceremony at the movement's headquarters at the stately home Taplow Court, in Buckinghamshire, where he was presented with his Gohonzon, a scroll marked with Chinese and Sanskrit characters. His Gohonzon is kept in a box at home and he says it is his most treasured possession. He shares a religious mentor, Dave, with singer Courtney Love who - pre-pandemic - would visit to chant with him daily. The movement, which also numbers singer Art Garfunkel, Dallas actor Patrick Duffy and pop star Howard Jones among its followers, has been criticised for being cult-ish in its emphasis on recruitment and because of the focus on the leader, Daisaku Ikeda, a business tycoon. Followers are taught that everyone has a latent Buddha inside them, with chanting being the way to enlightenment. He credits Buddhism with helping him handle the pressures of showbusiness after finding fame in Lord Of The Rings in his early 20s. 'I had this remarkable opening chapter to my career, for which I was only semi-present. Without my Buddhist practice, I could have easily come off the rails,' he says. 'I've been changing the narrative in my head and feel that I can be the driver of my train. I can set it alight, but I can get the fire crew and put it out.' He once said in 2007: 'Buddhism really helps me... to differentiate the semblance of the showbiz from real life.' LEGOLAS IN A LEGO ROOM In June last year, his fiancee Katy Perry told a radio interviewer that the hobby is so serious that Bloom actually has a dedicated Lego room in the house. Pictured: Orlando Bloom shows off his lego room A life as Zen as this leaves plenty of space for hobbies. Bloom said: 'During Covid I started building Lego again. I dip in and out while I work.  'I build mostly cars and find the methodical nature of creating this little thing makes me feel like I'm achieving something else. Then I'll do weights for an hour, to exhaust me.' In June last year, his fiancee Katy Perry told a radio interviewer that the hobby is so serious that Bloom actually has a dedicated Lego room in the house. 'It was a TV room and now it's a Lego room,' she explained. 'He gets these Legos which are super hard to do, and he'll make those in two days and then displays them on the wall.' SPIRITUAL JOURNEY WITH KATY PERRY Bloom and Katy announced they were engaged in 2019 - Katy says one of their main love languages is the 'spiritual evolution' Bloom met Katy, 36 at a 2016 Golden Globes afterparty. They split for a year in 2017 but reconnected in 2018 and announced that they were engaged in 2019. They were due to marry in 2020 but have put off the ceremony 'five times.' Katy says of Bloom: 'He's very sensitive. Very emotionally evolved. One of the things that binds us is our desire to be more spiritually evolved, and our desire to investigate that realm. 'One of our main love languages is the spiritual evolution. We love mysticism, conspiracies, aliens, all that stuff. We love an adventure of the mind. That's definitely something we are bound by.' Katy was previously married to comedian Russell Brand, who left her suicidal after asking for a divorce by text. The daughter of born-again Christians, she says she's been in therapy since she was 25 and was 'saved' by her romance with Bloom. Having gone through an 'emotional, spiritual, psychological journey' during their split, she declares: 'Love did save me. Unconditional love saved me.' VOW OF CELIBACY AFTER YEARS OF SEX In 2016, three years after his divorce from Miranda Kerr (left in 2013), he took advice from a surfer pal, Laird Hamilton, who said that Bloom should try a period of celibacy Bloom previously dated actress Kate Bosworth for four years on and off and was married to Australian model Miranda Kerr for three years. Between romances there seem to have been a lot of flings, with reported dalliances with Kirsten Dunst, Penelope Cruz and Uma Thurman among others. Singer Lily Allen recalled in her autobiography that in October 2014 she spent Kate Hudson's Halloween party getting cosy with Bloom — but fate intervened before anything could happen when she accidentally bumped heads with him and knocked herself out cold. Bloom himself said last year: 'I was a pretty boy and I loved women.' In 2016, three years after his divorce from Kerr, he took advice from a surfer pal, Laird Hamilton, who said that Bloom should try a period of celibacy. Orlando was devoted to his dog Mighty who sadly died last year He said: 'I was really enjoying the way I was relating to women, and to the feminine within myself. I know that sounds crazy.' Katy Perry was the one who convinced him to bin the ban six months later. During their 'off' period, Bloom invited Viviana Ross, a waitress at trendy London hotel Chiltern Firehouse, up to his room — which led to a night of 'spectacular' sex that resulted in her being fired by her boss. Katy Perry named Bloom as the second best lover she'd ever had — after singer John Mayer — when she appeared on The Late Late Show. However, parenthood has taken its toll on his sex life. When asked recently how often he had sex, Bloom, whose daughter with Katy was born in August last year, answered 'not enough', adding: 'We have just had a baby though.' DOTING DADDY AND NANNY CLOSE BY Katy Perry gave birth to her first child with Bloom in August 2020. Bloom said: 'Daisy's a very happy baby. I'll kiss her and we'll spend some time connecting. In the interview at the weekend he noted that he is bowled over by fatherhood again — his son Flynn with Miranda Kerr is ten years old. He said: 'Daisy's a very happy baby. I'll kiss her and we'll spend some time connecting. I'll do eye-gazing with her and sing songs. My son's first word was 'Mama', but Daisy said 'Dadda'. Miranda, now married to Snapchat online app billionaire Evan Spiegel, said in an interview that in the early years she would send Flynn to Bloom with a nanny in tow. 'Don't get me wrong, he's a great dad. It's just me being a protective mother and wanting to make sure all Flynn's needs are met. 'I want to keep Flynn's routine. Orlando's fine with it. He likes it, it's less pressure.' AN ECO WARRIOR ON A MEGA YACHT Bloom and Katy now have Prince Harry as their neighbour in Montecito, California In the summer of 2019, Bloom and Katy arrived in Sicily on mogul David Geffen's mega-yacht Rising Sun — almost certainly the least eco-friendly mode of travelling the planet — for the Camp Google eco-summit. They were among those who listened to a barefoot Prince Harry talking about saving the globe. He's now a neighbour in Montecito. They then left the summit on a different gas-guzzling yacht, cruising the Med with celebs including Oprah, Gayle King, actor Bradley Cooper, plus UK Vogue editor Edward Enninful. In an interview in 2018, Bloom told Forbes magazine: 'The world is changing, and we need to change our habit along with it. So I would challenge you to think what impact YOU can make and what LEGACY you will leave for your children.' Oh-SO MANLY ON A PADDLEBOARD Bloom caused a sensation in 2016 when pictures of him paddleboarding naked while on holiday were published Bloom is an exercise fan, from cycling to fishing to wakeboarding. But it's his other water sport hobby that has got him the most attention He caused a sensation in 2016 when pictures of him paddleboarding naked while on holiday were published. He's not got much of a sense of humour about it, complaining: 'It's more that it carries on being talked about. 'I will say that I had no idea it was going to happen. I really would just like the whole thing to go away. I am not embarrassed about it, but it speaks to where we are in our culture.' As for gossip about his manhood, he told DJ Howard Stern: 'It is really not that big. Things are extended on cameras with a big telescopic lens. That was an optical illusion.' Katy explained: 'Everywhere we looked, it was like everybody was naked, it was Europe, it was Italy. And I think he wanted to fit in with the locals, and it was the end of the trip.' But she kept her bikini on.  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",3441,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295501,2021-03-23 08:20:00,Expanding Your Business To A Bilingual Organization,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinesscouncil/2021/03/23/expanding-your-business-to-a-bilingual-organization/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty Today, countless businesses are investing in sourcing staff with language capabilities that will allow them to break into growing foreign markets or tap into domestic customer bases that have been long neglected. However, these businesses are likely finding that new customers are only one benefit of having a multilingual staff. Bilingual employees open up new revenue streams and help a company assist their current customers more effectively. At The Spanish Group, we provide business translation services and have found that speaking to customers in their native tongue helps boost long-term retention and satisfaction. It can also help business leaders better understand the concerns and needs of the people they serve, as well as avoid misunderstandings or unintended offenses. Simply put, bilingual employees greatly enhance your company’s capabilities to interact with a larger swath of the population; they help foster a more innovative and diverse business and give you in-house capabilities that provide countless intangible benefits. As more companies realize these benefits, especially as the world becomes more interconnected, the competition to find and hire bilingual employees heats up. In this article, I am presenting the best methods for creating and fostering a multilingual business. 1. Reward Bilingual Staff Acknowledging bilingual staff members for their skills is a simple and effective way to promote a bilingual culture. Offering benefits through initiatives like an in-house certification process, with rewards or recognition for language fluency, can help boost morale and increase productivity. There are many methods to go about this, such as increased pay and distinction in job titles.  2. Provide In-Language Training Along with rewarding those who are bilingual, you may also provide opportunities for employees to get language training with the company’s support. Language learning in the digital age is not a high-cost endeavor and shows that you are putting your staff’s development at the forefront. Even for those already fluent in a language, there is no harm in helping them brush up on their skills. 3. Go Beyond Simply Offering Literal Translations For Your Staff Culture can be complicated and nuanced; simultaneously, it heavily informs our language and word choice. The background you come from and the industry you are in will play a large role in the way you use the English language. The same rings true for other languages as well. This means that merely offering a word-for-word translation of your content will often not speak to the recipients the same and may have unintended consequences. For this reason, the art of transcreation exists. Most good translators utilize transcreation on some level, and it is necessary if you want to communicate with employees in another language naturally. Make an effort to ensure messaging and documents being distributed in a language other than English are at least looked over and approved by a trained linguist or translator. Having a deep roster of native speakers on your staff can also help your brand to speak naturally in that tongue. 4. Work Toward Understanding, Not Tokenism An essential aspect of creating a bilingual brand culture is fostering a multicultural workplace. This is more than a buzzword, however, and can be quite nuanced. For example, making those in the Latino community feel more welcome and more willing to contribute their insights requires taking the time to understand the unique Hispanic experiences in America and speaking to them in a way that they can relate to. Many brands fall short by confusing a real person’s experiences with that of a stereotype or by basing their assumptions on the wrong cultural group. Take the time to get to know your target demographics’ real cares and concerns and speak to them. The same understanding is necessary to create good music or comedy, where you acknowledge someone’s authentic lived experiences. For your copywriters and creatives, don’t let them go for the low-hanging fruit and ensure diverse voices lead the charge on these initiatives. Finding And Retaining Good Bilingual Workers Requires Effort Highly qualified bilingual speakers have been in higher demand over the past few years. Finding and retaining these key workers needs to be a focus for most expanding enterprises. Look for employees who are already fluent in another language, but don’t rule out seeking those willing to learn. While you need to have native speakers to avoid mistakes and understand the target audience more completely, simply having a competent multilingual workforce will be enough to enhance your capabilities greatly.  Connect with universities that have accomplished international and language studies courses. Look to fill internships and make relationships with these worker pools. Through your social media and corporate messaging, make it clear you are interested in hiring those with language skills. As you build more relationships and your company becomes more naturally bilingual, it should become easier to attract and retain those with this skill set. ",802,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886309083,2021-03-23 08:16:04,Pressure builds on Biden to act on guns in wake of Colorado mass shooting,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/tN2f9kvQcaM/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,CNN's Lauren Fox and Jeremy Diamond contributed to this report. ,11,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886308805,2021-03-23 08:28:15,Egyptian doctor beaten and thrown to her death 'for inviting man to her flat',https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392721/Egyptian-doctor-beaten-thrown-death-inviting-man-flat.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 232 The 34-year-old, who has not been publicly identified, plunged to her death from her apartment balcony in Cairo two weeks ago, local media reported. Three men - her landlord, doorman and neighbour - have now been arrested amid an investigation into her death. The trio are accused of breaking into the apartment and beating her because she had spent time alone with a male colleague. A 34-year-old female doctor was allegedly beaten and pushed to her death from an apartment in Cairo in an 'honour killing' because she spent time alone with a male colleague (file image) Strict social codes in Egypt mean it is considered deeply shameful for a woman to be alone with an unrelated man, though the law does not expressly forbid it. Reports of the attack vary, with some saying the woman was pushed to her death while others say she fell while being attacked. The landlord has reportedly denied all wrongdoing, saying the woman killed herself during a 'psychological crisis'. Women's rights activists have called for the men to be punished, and condemned ongoing discrimination against women in Egypt. The killing comes just weeks after Egyptian politicians put forward a series of new laws that would curtail the rights of women, sparking outrage. The proposed laws - amendments to the country's Personal Status Law - would mean women are unable to sign marriage contracts, and that a male relative must approve of their match before it can become legal. The woman's landlord, doorman and neighbour have been arrested over the death but deny being responsible, saying the woman killed herself due to a 'psychological crisis' (file image) Men would also be able to annul a marriage without consulting their wives, would be given priority over women in terms of child custody. Men would have the sole right to register a child's birth, obtain identity documents for them, and choose their education.  The law would also give men the power to stop women from travelling without their permission, even if for work. Activists condemned the bill, which they said takes the country back '200 years.' UN figures compiled in 2013 found that 99 per cent of women in Egypt had suffered some form of sexual harassment, while nearly half experienced domestic violence. Egyptian laws do not explicitly criminalize domestic violence or martial rape, meaning that women who report such crimes are often ignored, the report added. Support services for victims are almost non-existent, UN investigators said, while 'discriminatory' divorce laws make it almost impossible for women to escape abusive relationships. Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",445,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295493,2021-03-23 08:20:00,Your Accountability Problem Is A Leadership Problem: How To Unlock Next-Level Performance,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbescoachescouncil/2021/03/23/your-accountability-problem-is-a-leadership-problem-how-to-unlock-next-level-performance/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty The toughest challenge our executive clients face is overcoming accountability gaps within their business. They wonder why their employees struggle to own processes, make decisions and drive achievement. If you find yourself confronting the same obstacle within your organization, you might be asking, “How do we shape up? Get motivated? Take our strategic performance to the next level?” The good news is, there’s a cure for the accountability gap. The not-so-good news? The problem likely isn’t them — it’s your leadership. I've found that genuine accountability issues in well-run organizations are rare and usually singular, but despite that, it has become a scapegoat for all underperformance challenges. It’s given leaders the excuse to continue underinvesting in the performance systems that truly foster higher standards from within. In reality, most accountability issues are due to ambiguous alignment, weak empowerment or ineffective collaboration practices.  More than likely, your team desperately wants to be accountable, but they don’t have the performance platform to help them succeed. In this article, we will discuss my company’s Four Dimensions of Organizational Performance and how you can implement strategies within your business to solve the accountability problem once and for all. 1. Alignment Fostering accountability begins with tight alignment to the mission, values, vision and strategy of the business. If people understand how their own performance is connected to these cornerstones, they will develop the intrinsic desire to push themselves for the sake of a higher goal. The collective organizational alignment toward a clear strategic vision with defined priorities is key to employee productivity, purpose and execution. Have you heard the story about President John F. Kennedy and the NASA custodian? Legend has it that while JFK was getting a tour of the NASA facility in 1961, he encountered a man mopping the floor. “Why are you working so late?” Kennedy asked. He replied, “Mr. President, I’m putting a man on the moon.” This well-known tale is the perfect example of how alignment drives accountability. But how can you do it with your own teams? It starts by putting systems and processes in place that communicate your strategy, as well as the why behind it, to each person in the organization. For an executive, driving alignment to the vision and strategy is your primary platform for all leadership actions. Engage people in the bigger picture, and they will actively work to support it. 2. Empowerment The term “empowerment” refers to the process of self-ownership and supporting others in growing their professional capabilities. With both in play, individuals can overcome ambiguity in the business and fully maximize their effectiveness and impact. When people feel empowered, we see them exhibit determination and responsibility toward the strategic vision and priorities of the organization. Ask yourself — do I have processes in place to ensure every member of my team understands their role and respective decision-making rights? Do they know what resources they have at their disposal in order to succeed? Have we co-created a road map that inspires confidence and a firm grasp of the bigger picture? If you are finding that your team is constantly coming to you for a solution, perhaps it’s time to set them free by empowering them to be the CEO of their own role. You want your team to be inspired by you, not reliant on you. By creating a culture of empowerment, people will bring natural accountability to their area of the business. 3. Collaboration Collaboration is the utilization of varied and meaningful expertise to achieve a greater outcome than any one entity could reach in isolation. This includes adding the necessary tools and processes to encourage effective collaboration practices, in turn elevating personnel, as well as innovation. What are collaboration practices? Think meeting cadences, reporting, and useful and usable data, as well as tactical and emotional support up, down and across the business. When people feel like they’re in it with a team, not just completing tasks in isolation, they are more likely to express creative ideas, push to meet goals and make things happen. When teams problem-solve, set intentions, execute and celebrate together, they are more likely to adopt internal accountability. Ask yourself — are the collaborations in my business producing internal accountability, or are they reliant upon executive leadership? The answer represents the quality of your collaboration structures.  4. Accountability Only after the first three dimensions of performance are thriving can leaders adopt a “this is an accountability gap” mindset. If those boxes aren’t checked, we can expect execution failures and natural resistance to large-scale initiatives. Effective leaders place the mechanics of fostering accountability squarely on their shoulders. They invest time and resources to ensure effective alignment, empowerment and collaboration systems are enabled throughout the organization. When done well, the result is people raising their hand to be accountable for leading the next iteration of the business. Accountable people promote self-responsibility and demonstrate the authority to deliver the initiatives they own. They find joy in their work and demonstrate a futurefocused mindset. This culminates into a business with ample collective leadership, effective execution and a thriving performance culture. These dynamics are the hallmark of exceptional leadership.  If you find yourself wondering how to overcome an accountability gap within your business, first look inward at your own leadership. With the right framework, you can likely correct the problem and create a team of people who are inspired and committed to bringing the enterprise vision and strategy to life. ",909,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886301329,2021-03-23 05:40:00,Just How Many Bob Odenkirk Characters Are Secretly Assassins?,https://slate.com/culture/2021/03/bob-odenkirk-nobody-highly-trained-assassin-seinfeld-snl-mr-show.html?via=rss,en,False,,19643,Slate.com,http://www.slate.com,"The best of movies, TV, books, music, and more, delivered to your inbox three times a week. Bob Odenkirk played a wide variety of characters on the cult classic sketch comedy show he and David Cross shared, but none of them were assassins, except for John Baptiste Philouza, who is posing as a marching band composer in order to assassinate the eleventy-twelfth president. He’s a highly trained assassin in this one for sure. That’s the whole premise. Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents © 2021 The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved. ",100,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886309078,2021-03-23 08:25:03,McLaren signs long-term deal with karting star Ugo Ugochukwu,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/Sb7Zy5uXdl0/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,"By George Ramsay, CNN ",5,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886308804,2021-03-23 08:29:38,Texans' Deshaun Watson facing 13 lawsuits after six more Jane Does accuse him of sexual misconduct,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9393021/Texans-Deshaun-Watson-facing-13-lawsuits-six-Jane-Does-accuse-sexual-misconduct.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 3 Houston Texans quarterback Deshaun Watson is now facing lawsuits from 14 unidentified women after seven more filed in Texas this week to accuse the 25-year-old quarterback of civil assault, intentional infliction of emotional distress, or sexual assault.     Monday's filings echo previous accusations of lewd behavior, harassment, and improper touching against Watson by massage therapists, estheticians, trainers and other female professionals. He also faces a second accusation of forcing a masseuse to perform oral sex, following a similar claim in a lawsuit filed last week. His 14th accuser referred to him as a 'serial predator' in her lawsuit.  Also included in this week's filings was a woman's claim that he began masturbating during a massage and ejaculated onto her face and body, while another plaintiff says he offered to pay for a sexual encounter, which she refused.   'Watson is in the sex trade,' read one of the 14 lawsuits obtained by DailyMail.com. 'He needs to be stopped.'   All of the alleged incidents from the 14 total lawsuits are said to have occurred between March of 2020 and this month. Watson allegedly arranged most of the sessions over social media, often insisting that the massage take place in private, such as an office building that he had access to or his Houston hotel room.  Watson has not been charged with any crimes. He issued a denial after the initial lawsuit was filed last week, saying he has 'never treated any woman with anything other than the utmost respect.'  Rusty Hardin, Watson's attorney, has called the allegations 'meritless.'   Houston Texans quarterback Deshaun Watson is now facing lawsuits from 14 unidentified women after six more filed in Texas on Monday, accusing the 25-year-old quarterback of civil assault, intentional infliction of emotional distress, and in one case, sexual assault Like the previous seven, Monday's lawsuits were filed by Houston attorney Tony Buzbee on behalf of Jane Does who primarily work as licensed massage therapists. The women echoed similar claims that Watson exposed himself during private massages, touched them with his penis, and attempted to coerce them into sexual acts. They are seeking unspecified damages due to physical and mental anguish.  In total, all 14 of the lawsuits are for civil assault and intentional infliction of emotional stress. Two of the lawsuits, including one filed Monday, also include allegations of sexual assault for allegedly forcing the women to perform oral sex.   On Friday, Buzbee said he expects at least 12 lawsuits (now 14) to be filed in total, but added that he's spoken with another 10 women who also made claims against Watson. Buzbee is currently investing their allegations against Watson.  Buzbee said he plans to turn over evidence and affidavits to law enforcement ad will request a grand jury to review the evidence and determine if criminal charges are warranted.   All but a few meetings were allegedly initiated by Watson over social media, but Buzbee said that one of the masseuses was referred to him by a member of the Texans organization while another was referred by his personal quarterback coach.  Attorney Tony Buzbee said he plans to turn over evidence and affidavits to law enforcement ad will request a grand jury to review the evidence and determine if criminal charges are warranted 'Most of these women work in the massage industry,' Buzbee said Friday. 'Some work at spas, some work from their homes. 'These are, for the most part, licensed professionals… Many of them are single mothers; they own their own shop or work for a spa.  'All of the cases that we have filed - and we have vetted each one very carefully - allege the same or similar conduct,' Buzbee continued. 'Three of the women we represent are undergoing intensive therapy as a result of the defendant's conduct.' Buzbee also claims to have incriminating text messages from Watson to his accusers.   'Sorry about you feeling uncomfortable,' read one of Watson's purported text messages, which Buzbee posted on Instagram. 'Never were the intensions. Lmk if you want to work in the future. My apologies.'    In another text, purportedly sent by Watson ahead of an appointment, he asked the masseuse if she was 'comfortable with the glute area.'     In one of the latest filings, Watson is accused of harassing and assaulting a masseuse on two occasions. In June of 2020, Watson allegedly booked a private session at the hotel where he was staying and surprised the masseuse by grabbing her midsection, including her vagina, and pushing her buttocks into her face. Watson allegedly said, 'I thought you liked that,' to which the masseuse said she told him that she did not. Also during the massage, Watson maneuvered his body so that his exposed penis came into contact with her hand, which is a claim made by the other accusers. At one point, she says, she noticed a 'slimy substance,' but did not recognize immediately what it was. Watson paid her only $100 instead of the $300 she was owed. He allegedly told the plaintiff's manager that she had not given him what he wanted. Two of the alleged incidents is said to have occurred at a hotel where Watson was staying. One of the lawsuits specifically identified that hotel as The Houstonian (pictured) He scheduled another appointment with her on August 17, 2020, although she did not immediately recognize who it was when he contacted her over instagram. The masseuse said she was instructed to dress 'chill' and 'comfortable' for the session, and Watson allegedly asked to make sure the spa would be empty when he was there. Houston attorney Tony Buzbee claims to have a text message from Watson to one of his accusers in which he offers an apology for making her feel uncomfortable (above) Upon his arrival, the masseuse quickly remembered their June interaction and told him that he had been inappropriate the last time. Watson is said to have apologized and told her that he had never been rejected by a woman before. The plaintiff says she told Watson that she is a lesbian and uninterested in him sexually. During the massage, she says, Watson insisted that she work his buttocks, and even asked her to use more oil before forcing her hands inside his own anus. The plaintiff said she was shocked by this. Watson allegedly told her: 'I can tell you are a lesbian because you are so good with your hands.' He then began commenting on her body and even pulled her close, telling her that he wanted to have an orgasm with her in the room. She says she asked him to stop acting like a pervert, but was becoming frightened because they were the only two in the spa.  Later, she says, Watson forced her mouth onto his penis, which she said left her fearing for her life. Eventually, Watson began masturbating in front of her. The woman said she was humiliated and horrified by the incident. Watson was initially sued for civil assault by two women early last week, but attorney Tony Buzbee (pictured) says that a total of 20 more accusers have come forward since. Most of the women are masseuses who claim Watson exposed himself and touched them with his penis during private sessions, according to the filings obtained by DailyMail.com. One woman also says he forced her to perform oral sex, while two others say he tried to kiss them One of the women who sued Watson on Thursday said he became aroused during a massage and tried to move in a way to force her to touch his penis. Eventually, she claims, Watson ejaculated in front of her, prompting the woman to stop the session and leave the room. In another lawsuit, an esthetician claims that Watson offered her a massage at their first session, which she declined, and he later insisted she stayed in the room while he undressed. He allegedly told her to focus on his thighs and buttocks and eventually flipped back over, at which point he was allegedly erect and completely exposed. She says she told Watson that he was being inappropriate. At another appointment in October, the esthetician says, Watson asked her to touch his penis and even tried to kiss her before she abruptly ended the session. Watson promptly left afterwards. Yet another woman who sued Watson on Thursday said he told her that he makes 'a lot of massage therapists uncomfortable' and it's really hard for him to find someone who will 'meet [his] needs.' That masseuse said Watson asked to wash before one session, which she said was fine and instructed him to cover up when he exited the shower. However, according to the filing obtained by DailyMail.com, Watson allegedly was completely exposed when he returned and refused her insistence that he put on a towel. Watson later exposed his penis to the woman several times during the session and even joked that she could move it if it was in the way, according to the filing.  Buzbee also has a text which he claims shows Watson asking the plaintiff about his 'glute area' His first accuser, who filed on March 16, said Watson contacted her over Instagram in March of 2020 and after arriving at her home, made it clear that he wanted to have a sexual encounter, according to the filing obtained by DailyMail.com.  Watson allegedly guided the woman's hands towards his genitals at several points during the massage before exposing his erect penis. The plaintiff says he then 'purposely touched [her] hand with the tip,' according to the filing.  The woman, saying she was 'shocked and mortified,' claims she promptly ended the massage and began to cry.   She also says that Watson made a veiled threat, telling her: 'I know you have a career and a reputation, and I know you would hate for someone to mess with yours, just like I don't want anyone messing with mine.' Later, she says, Watson offered an apology over text message.  The masseuse is seeking unspecified damages due to the 'mental anguish' she suffered as a result of the alleged incident.  One of the 14 plaintiffs suing Watson says he contacted her through Instagram in August of 2020 and arranged for a private session at his Houston-area hotel suite, where he ultimately exposed himself and touched the woman's hand with his penis. The plaintiff also says he tried to direct her hands towards his anus and even requested she apply oil to the area, according to the filing obtained by DailyMail.com (pictured) His second accuser, also identified as 'Jane Doe,' says he contacted her through Instagram in August of 2020 and arranged for a private session at his Houston-area hotel suite. It was there, on August 28, that Watson allegedly exposed himself and refused to cover up, saying he 'gets hot easily'. He later touched her hand with his penis, she claims. That plaintiff also says he tried to direct her hands towards his anus and even requested she apply oil to the area, according to the filing obtained by DailyMail.com. The woman says she began crying and ended the massage, at which point she ordered an Uber so she could be driven to the airport and fly back to her home in Atlanta. Watson, she says, paid only half of what she was owed and later attempted to contact her again, but she did not respond.   A third accuser, who was newly engaged and just out of chiropractic school at the time of the alleged incident, says she and Watson agreed to meet at a Houston office building on December 28 and 10am. The allegations come at a precarious time for the Texans and Watson, who has reportedly demanded a trade from Houston amid the club's roster overhaul. The team has responded by steadfastly refusing to deal the three-time Pro Bowl selection, according to ESPN's Dianna Russini Upon arriving, the woman says she was asked by Watson to massage his 'inner thighs' and 'inner glutes.' Watson 'got more aggressive' according to the woman and ultimately 'coerced [Jane Doe] to move her mouth toward his penis, forcing [Jane Doe] to perform oral sex on him.' The masseuse said she never consented and was so fearful that she 'blacked out for a few minutes.' Although the woman claims she was terrified of the larger Watson, who stands 6-foot-2 and 200 pounds, she says he seemed unaffected by the ordeal and left as though nothing had happened. It was then, she says, that she defecated herself because she was so shaken over what had transpired.  His agent, David Mulugheta, broke his silence on Friday to suggest that Watson's accusers are lying.  'Individuals fabricate stories in pursuit of financial gain often,' Mulugheta said in a statement. 'Their victims should be heard, and those offenders also prosecuted.'   The lawsuits all contain similar accusations, which the plaintiffs argue is part of a pattern for the former Clemson star.  'Watson's behavior is part of a disturbing pattern of preying on vulnerable women,' read several of the lawsuits, which were all filed by Buzbee.   Buzbee has insisted after Tuesday's filing that the case wasn't about money.  Watson, in his denial, accused Buzbee of demanding a six-figure settlement prior to filing the first lawsuit on Tuesday. Buzbee did not respond to DailyMail.com's request for comment.    The allegations come at a precarious time for the Texans and Watson, who has reportedly demanded a trade from Houston amid the club's roster overhaul.  Houston recently released defensive end JJ Watt, a franchise cornerstone and local hero who has since signed with the Arizona Cardinals.  Prior to the 2020 season, Watson signed a massive four-year, $156 million contact that included $110 million guaranteed.      Texans quarterback Deshaun Watson, in his denial, insisted the first suit is about money Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",2311,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295484,2021-03-23 08:20:00,Managing Remote Software Development Teams In 2021,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbestechcouncil/2021/03/23/managing-remote-software-development-teams-in-2021/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Getty So how do you manage a remote software development team well? Managing Remote Software Development Teams There is no one ""trick"" to managing well—a good manager will be able to manage remote workers just as well as they manage workers in the office. The principles are more or less the same, but poor management practices for remote workers will simply be amplified. Thus, it's essential to return to the basic tenets of management and adapt them for a remote workforce. Time Management Successful time management is key to any managerial position, and that means encouraging: • Flexibility where possible provided the work is getting done on time. • Time-efficient meetings, which should be brief so everyone can get back to work. • Calendar sharing for ease of synchronization. • Regular breaks every 75 to 90 minutes. Managers should focus on outcomes in most cases. They can encourage workers to set schedules, but they should also keep an eye on what employees actually deliver. This requires a manager to have a good understanding of what their staff does—which can be tricky with development teams. Set Clear Goals When you set priorities, you need to set clear goals, as well. Again, this is a basic management tenet, but it's one that quite a few managers fall down on, especially in a remote setting. If you need a particular piece of code at a particular time, communicate this clearly with expectations and set deadlines. If someone is falling behind on a particular piece of coding, they might need extra help, some time management training or a break so they can recharge. It's easy just to end up staring at a screen blanking out, particularly if you work remotely. Keep The Company Culture In Mind Even with a workforce that doesn't physically meet, you still need to keep the company culture at the heart of your managerial practices. Continuous learning (especially for developers) is vital, and perhaps setting up a WhatsApp group for socialization outside of work times may be beneficial. You might also encourage staff to stay organized, just as you would expect them to do so in the office. It may be worth setting aside some budget to help staff adjust the home workspaces—assuming you haven't already. This can promote an organization and create goodwill. Of course, remote development teams don't always have to be managed within the organization. Near-shore development teams work autonomously with their own management structure. Alternatively, you can augment your own staff with remote developers to provide an instant boost of expertise as needed.  Overall, managers should embrace remote work and aim to provide a high level of support for their employees to ensure efficiency and productivity. Keeping the basic tenets of managerial support in mind is essential for managing employees, but adapting these tenets to better cater to a remote workforce can set your organization up for success.  ",482,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886301328,2021-03-23 05:45:00,All the Ways Congress Wants to Change the Internet’s Most Fundamental Law,https://slate.com/technology/2021/03/section-230-reform-legislative-tracker.html?via=rss,en,False,,19643,Slate.com,http://www.slate.com,"2020 was the year of COVID-19 and lockdowns, of George Floyd and Breonna Taylor, and of a presidential election that included an impeachment and muted debate mics. But in tech policy, 2020 may be remembered as the year that an arcane provision of the 1996 Telecommunications Act became front-page news. Both Republicans and Democrats used Section 230 as a political football to bolster their arguments on racism, misogyny, censorship, elitism, public health, and tech company power. Oddly, it was one of the few issues of agreement between the two presidential candidates, with both Donald Trump and Joe Biden calling for repeal. Section 230 has come under criticism by both the left and the right. Many on the left argue that it has enabled tech platforms to host harmful content with impunity, while many on the right argue that it has enabled tech platforms to disproportionately suppress conservative speech. The left is particularly concerned with harms against vulnerable communities, such as women and people of color. The right has alleged that tech companies’ content policies and enforcement practices reflect the viewpoints of left-leaning employees. Both sides point to Section 230 as the problem, even though they have opposing views on what that problem is. As Section 230 became a fixture of election debates and Trump’s Twitter feed, legislators from both sides of the aisle introduced bills to try to address their concerns. Democrats introduced bills that reduced the scope of Section 230 protections in civil rights cases and terrorism cases, while Republicans introduced bills that sought to compel platforms to be more “neutral” in their moderation of online content. And there were even a few bipartisan proposals, which focused on child sexual exploitation, content moderation operations, and reduced protections for content that courts determine to be illegal. Some of the proposals may be reasonable; others could collide with the First Amendment. With a flurry of bills introduced in 2020 and 2021—and roughly 12 bills introduced in the last four months of 2020 alone—it’s been tough for researchers, company employees, and policymakers to keep track. Even for tech policy diehards who spend their mornings reading tech policy newsletters and keep close tabs on press releases from congressional offices, trying to piece together the Section 230 reform puzzle can be a full-time job. That’s why Future Tense; the Tech, Law, & Security Program at the Washington College of Law at American University; and the Center on Technology Policy at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill are partnering on a project to track all legislation to reform Section 230. This Section 230 Reform Legislative Tracker includes information on each bill that has been introduced in Congress to reform Section 230 since 2020. The legislative summaries include the date the legislation was introduced, co-sponsors, status, a short overview of the substance of the legislation, a description of the type of reform that is proposed, and a link to the full text. It includes all legislation in the last Congress, as well as ongoing tracking of legislation introduced in the current one. In the 2020-2021 academic year, the legislative analysis was led by American students Kiran Jeevanjee, Timothy Schmeling, and Irene Ly and Duke students Brian Lim, Niharika Vattikonda, and Joyce Zhou. In 2021-2022, it is being led by UNC students Daniel Johnson and Noelle Wilson and Stanford student Meghan Anand. Our hope is that this work will enable researchers to better understand the scope of the proposals that have been introduced and to keep tabs on their progress through the legislative process. Perhaps most importantly, we hope that providing this legislation in one place will help to facilitate research on the policy mechanisms that legislators are seeking to use to change a regulatory framework for online speech that has existed for decades and to develop insights into which of these mechanisms may be more or less successful for achieving particular policy objectives. Categories: This list was updated on Nov. 5, 2021. In addition, the bill would classify  platforms with a “dominant market share” as “information content providers” if they 1) use algorithms to target third-party content, 2) promote or suppress a “discernible  viewpoint,” or 3) solicit, comment on, fund, contribute to, or modify information provided by another person. This change would eliminate Section 230 protections for dominant platforms in these circumstances. The act also prevents dominant platforms from using Section 230 as a defense if they fail to notify customers of available parental control protections, as required currently by Section 230. This bill outlines obligations for “common carrier technology companies,” which are interactive computer services that offer services to the public and have at least 100 million global active monthly users. As common carrier technology companies, they would be required to provide their service to anyone without discriminating against individual users or classes of users and without discriminating based on political or religious affiliation or region. This bill would also require that platforms publicly disclose their policies regarding content moderation, promotion, curation, and account suspension. Much like Section 230, this bill states that no provider or user of an interactive computer service will be treated as the publisher or speaker of content provided from another source. However, that treatment would not apply to any situation in which a platform takes action to change the visibility of content—through recommending content or restricting access, for example—thereby limiting the scope of the protections. The bill would also establish liability protections for the good-faith removal of content that is “obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, excessively violent, harassing, promoting self-harm, or unlawful, whether or not such material is constitutionally protected.” However, the liability protections would apply only to companies that remove content in accordance with their posted content moderation policies. The bill would establish a private right of action, and states could also bring investigations or lawsuits based on the provisions of the bill. Under the PACT Act, to receive Section 230 immunity, interactive computer service providers would be required to publish an acceptable use policy that would detail the types of content the provider allows, explain how the provider enforces its content policies, and describe how users can report policy-violating or illegal content. The PACT Act would also require providers to establish call centers with a live representative to assist users with the process of filing good-faith complaints eight hours per day, five days per week; to provide an email address to which users can submit complaints; and to create an easy-to-use complaint filing system that would allow users to file and track complaints and appeals. Because the act would require users to make complaints in good faith, providers would be permitted to filter complaints for spam, trolls, and abusive complaints. The PACT Act would also require that a provider review and remove illegal and/or policy-violating content in a timely manner to receive Section 230 protections. Providers would be required to remove illegal content (as determined by a court) within four days of being put on notice of the illegal content and to initiate removal action for content that violates the provider’s publicized acceptable use policy within 14 days of receiving the complaint. Platforms would then be required to notify users that the provider had removed the content, give an explanation, and allow the user the opportunity to appeal the decision. Providers must also issue biannual transparency reports, which would include the number of content-related complaints filed by users, the number of times the provider acted upon those complaints and the method of enforcement, and the number of appeals filed by users. Under the PACT Act, small businesses that receive fewer than 1 million unique monthly visitors and have an accrued revenue of $50 million or less are exempt from the live call center requirement and have softened time constraints related to processing complaints. Small businesses would be allowed to process complaints of illegal and/or policy violating content within four and 21 days, respectively. Individual providers—like independent bloggers—who have fewer than 100,000 unique monthly visitors and an accrued revenue less than $1 million have minimal requirements under the act. They are only required to provide users with a contact system to alert the provider about content on their site, and they must remove illegal content within four days of notice. The PACT Act also exempts internet infrastructure companies from all provisions of the bill described above. The PACT Act would also require that a platform review and remove illegal and/or policy-violating content in a timely manner to receive Section 230 protections. Platforms would be required to remove illegal content (as determined by a court) within 24 hours and to remove content that violates the platform’s publicized acceptable use policy within 14 days. Platforms would then be required to notify users that the platform had removed the content, provide an explanation, and give the user the opportunity to appeal the decision. Platforms must also issue quarterly transparency reports, which would include the number of content-related complaints filed by users, the number of times the platform acted upon those complaints and the method of enforcement, and the number of appeals filed by users. Under the PACT Act, small businesses that receive fewer than 1 million monthly visitors and have an accrued revenue of $2 million or less are exempt from the live call center requirement and have softened time constraints related to processing complaints. Small businesses would be allowed to process complaints of illegal and/or policy violating content within a reasonable period of time. The PACT Act also exempts internet infrastructure companies from all provisions of the bill described above. This article has been updated to include the See Something, Say Something Online Act of 2021 and the Stop Shielding Culpable Platforms Act. It was also updated to note that all of the bills introduced in the 116th Congress are no longer pending.  Correction, March 23, 2021: This article originally misstated that news publishers can be liable when they serve as hosts for content. News publishers can use Section 230 as a defense against being liable when they serve as hosts for content. Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents © 2021 The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved. ",1696,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886297069,2021-03-23 07:00:00,Airport Retail Shops Pin Hopes on Bump in Travel,https://www.wsj.com/articles/airport-retail-shops-pin-hopes-on-bump-in-travel-11616497217?mod=pls_whats_news_us_business_f,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,WSJ Membership Customer Service Tools & Features Ads More Dow Jones Products ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886308803,2021-03-23 08:30:01,"Heavily-pregnant nurse, 28, felt 'pressured' to return to work where she caught Covid-19",https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392749/Heavily-pregnant-nurse-28-felt-pressured-return-work-caught-Covid-19.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 2 The widower of a heavily pregnant nurse who died with coronavirus has accused the hospital of wrongly claiming she was on maternity leave at the start of the pandemic. Ernest Boateng also told an inquest into his wife's death that several members of hospital staff approached him and raised concerns about their safety. Mary Agyapong, 28, was heavily pregnant and working as a nurse at Luton and Dunstable Hospital when she fell ill in the early months of the coronavirus pandemic.  The nurse worked as a sister up until March 12, 2020, when she was signed off work with back problems, her widower Ernest Boateng told Bedfordshire and Luton Coroner's Court. Ms Agyapong was admitted to hospital with breathing difficulties on April 5 but was discharged later that day, and was readmitted two days later with coronavirus symptoms, at 35 weeks pregnant.  She gave birth by Caesarean section to her daughter hours after being readmitted on April 7. Ms Agyapong died five days after being transferred to intensive care as her condition worsened. Mary Agyapong, 28, was heavily pregnant and working as a nurse at Luton and Dunstable Hospital in Bedfordshire when she fell ill at the height of the coronavirus pandemic Speaking during the resumed inquest into her death, Mr Boateng said: 'Shortly after Mary's death, I was pressured by senior management of the hospital trust to issue a press statement together, which I initially accepted, and provided a photograph. 'However, soon after, I was reliably informed of their disingenuous intentions ... I had no option other than to pull out since they had already issued a statement to the entire staff with false information regarding the circumstances of Mary's death.' He also accused the trust of claiming Ms Agyapong was on maternity leave when the pandemic hit - despite her being not due to begin maternity leave until April 27, he said.  Mr Boateng said he was contacted by several well-wishers following his wife's death, including some senior staff members who were worried about safety at the hospital. He said: 'Following Mary's death, I was approached by a group of concerned clinicians ... who raised concerns about their safety at work and the lack of protective equipment available to frontline staff in the midst of the pandemic.' Mr Boateng also rejected suggestions he said came from the trust, that the nurse could have contracted Covid-19 from her father, who had recently died with the virus. Mr Boateng, pictured with their children AJ and Mary, said his wife was scared of contracting Covid-19, even though in theory, she would have been at lower risk as she worked on a diabetes ward He said: 'Mary never saw him or anyone outside of work.' Earlier at the hearing, Mr Boateng told the inquest his partner felt 'pressured' to return to work where she caught the virus.   Mr Boateng said he strongly believed his wife, originally from Ghana, contracted coronavirus while at work.  Ms Agyapong was admitted to hospital with breathing difficulties on April 5 but was discharged later that day, and was readmitted two days later with coronavirus symptoms, at 35 weeks pregnant. Surgeons safely delivered the baby, also named Mary, by Caesarean section before Ms Agyapong was transferred to the intensive care unit, where she died on April 12.  Giving evidence to the inquest, Mr Boateng said: 'Mary continued to work during this time (the start of the coronavirus outbreak), but she was very concerned about the situation involving Covid-19, so much so that when she came home from work she would take her clothes off at the front door and take a shower immediately. The Bedfordshire nurse tested positive for Covid-19 and died on Easter Sunday, five days after doctors delivered her baby girl, who is also called Mary, by C-section a month prematurely 'She was very worried about bringing Covid into the home.' Mr Boateng, a mental health worker currently studying for a Masters in law, said she also began sleeping in the spare room at the family home to protect her husband and their son, AJ. Mr Boateng, 30, added: 'She told me the staff were very scared about the virus because they were on the front line and likely to come into contact with Covid-19 patients. 'I wanted her to stay at home. But due to high demand at the hospital, she had to continue working. 'She tried to reassure me that everything would be okay but I could understand she was anxious and panicking deep down.' Mr Boateng claimed the hospital trust had suggested Mary had contracted Covid from her father who had died two weeks' earlier. He told today's inquest: 'I can confirm Mary never saw him or anyone out of work or us.' He went on: 'I strongly believe Mary contracted the virus when she was at work. She did work on some Covid 19 wards.' Ernest said the couple married in March 2017. There had been problems with the birth of their son and the second pregnancy with Mary was deemed 'high risk.' She was suffering from Anaemia.  Luton and Dunstable Hospital has previously said it did not have any coronavirus patients before the mother-of-two took maternity leave He said: 'Mary struggled with her pregnancy particularly in the third trimester. She continued to work very long shifts. She found it very tiring and difficult. 'She was getting heavier, having back pain and swelling of her feet..'   He said: 'My understanding is Mary was being pressurised to get back to work, as she had meetings about her sickness records earlier that year.' Mr Boateng said he was not allowed onto the maternity ward to be with his wife when she gave birth to their daughter on April 7 and described the huge impact of her death on the family. He said: 'She was in ICU for 5 days. Her condition declined. I was getting more and more anxious. I felt helpless that I couldn't see them.' He took the baby home on 29th April and named her Mary in honour of his wife. Mr Boateng, right, said his wife was unable to hold their newborn daughter as she was taken away immediately to reduce the risk of the infant contracting Covid-19 He said: 'What was supposed to be a happy moment in our lives quickly changed into a traumatic and painful loss. 'Every day my children have to deal with the loss of their mother and I feel helpless when AJ asks when he can see his mother again.' Asked by his lawyer Martin Forde QC about the family's movements in the weeks before her death, Mr Boateng said he did not have visitors to his home after 20 February except a friend who did not go in the house. He agreed with Jonathan Holl-Allen QC, for the hospital trust, that his wife had not been at work since 13 March. Mr Boateng claimed the hospital trust had suggested Mary had contracted Covid from her father who had died two weeks' earlier. He told today's inquest: 'I can confirm Mary never saw him or anyone out of work or us' At the time of her death David Carter, the chief executive of the Bedfordshire Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, described her as a 'fantastic nurse and a great example of what we stand for in this trust.' Speaking to The Daily Mail last year, he said: 'Mary was such a loving mother. We had this tradition when either of us was at work that we'd video call to see how the others were doing. 'Mary always called on her break. AJ used to chatter away non-stop. You didn't really know what he was saying, but Mary would pretend she understood every word and go: 'Oh wow, really?' Now, when he sees my phone, he gives it to me and says: 'Daddy, I want Mummy.' I think he believes Mummy's at work. He doesn't understand.'  A Go Fund Me page was set up for her husband and their children AJ and baby Mary. It raised a total of £187,039. The inquest continues and is due to be held on Wednesday and Thursday this week as well as Tuesday next week.  Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",1386,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886309076,2021-03-23 08:31:17,New reasons to think the work-from-home revolution is overblown,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/3YEFxCShXRM/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886297043,2021-03-23 07:44:00,Elon Musk's China Charm Offensive Rolls On With Praise for Its Climate Plans,https://www.wsj.com/articles/elon-musks-china-charm-offensive-rolls-on-with-praise-for-its-climate-plans-11616497720?mod=pls_whats_news_us_business_f,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,WSJ Membership Customer Service Tools & Features Ads More Dow Jones Products ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886295476,2021-03-23 08:20:25,‘Falcon And The Winter Soldier’ Captures 23% Of All Streaming Views Opening Weekend: Report,https://www.forbes.com/sites/paultassi/2021/03/23/falcon-and-the-winter-soldier-captures-23-of-all-streaming-views-opening-weekend-report/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Falcon and the Winter Soldier Falcon domination Other shows that made the list include WandaVision, showing that it’s still incredibly strong two weeks after its finale, Servant, where the horror show’s finale aired on Apple TV Plus this week, and Formula 1: Drive to Survive which had its third season premiere this weekend on Netflix, where all episodes were released at once.  Falcon and the Winter Soldier was also popular in Europe, the number one show in England, Germany and Italy, and the number two show in France and Spain. For now, we’ll concentrate on the six we have ahead of us. This week, we didn’t even have Falcon and Bucky meet up, so I expect that will change this coming Friday because I mean, there are only five episodes to go now. We’ll see how the viewing numbers hold up in week two. ",146,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886301326,2021-03-23 05:50:00,The “Scary” Difference Between Writing for <em>The Late Show </em>and Writing for Yourself,https://slate.com/culture/2021/03/big-time-jen-spyra-interview-stephen-colbert-onion.html?via=rss,en,False,,19643,Slate.com,http://www.slate.com,"
  Slate has relationships with various online retailers.
  If you buy something through our links,
  Slate may earn an affiliate commission.
  We update links when possible,
  but note that deals can expire and all prices are subject to change.
  All prices were up to date at the time of publication.
 I didn’t even know about short form comedy writing until my senior year of college. I mean, I found out about McSweeney’s my senior year, and I was blown away by it because I had never read anything like it—these short, essentially pointless, evergreen comedy pieces. Finding that website was a revelation. But the road for me was pretty windy. After college, I lived in France for a year teaching English at a high school, but the whole time I was just dreaming about moving to Chicago to do improv—which, to my parents’ misery and confusion, is what I did. But then on the side, I was always writing short humor pieces. So, basically from 22 to 27, I’m doing improv, doing sketch, writing these short pieces—they’re not even stories yet, they’re just one- and two-pagers. And 27 is when I get hired at the Onion, which was the huge break, because that was the first time that my fantasy-job life merged with my real-money 9-to-5 life. During this fellowship, are you learning how to write an Onion piece in terms of formatting and things like that? Is there a learning curve? Oh, there’s a curve. At least, there was a huge learning curve for me. It’s a sink-or-swim six-month audition to get asked to be on the staff. In the beginning, I was messing up left and right. I remember one of the first articles I wrote was about some event in heaven, and I wrote “Heaven” instead of “The Heavens” in the dateline. Just a teeny mistake like that made me seem like a total rube. But the biggest thing I had to get right was the tone. What happens in those instances where you have to muscle through? What do you do when you don’t really feel it? Luckily, you don’t have to be in a good mood to write topical comedy. It’s just about looking at a news story, isolating the data points in the story that are a little bit weird, a little bit off, and then writing hard jokes off those data points. Ultimately, it’s an analytical exercise, so if a story makes you angry or depresses you, that doesn’t necessarily get in the way of being able to write something funny about it. So then what were the signs for you that it was time to leave the show? The best of movies, TV, books, music, and more, delivered to your inbox three times a week. What was the impetus for the new book? Do you feel like it’s the same engine driving all of your work? Is there an identifiable factor that makes a New Yorker piece tick, an Onion piece tick, these stories tick? Do you start with a genre in mind, or do you have an idea and you’re like, “This kind of wrapping can work for the engine here in the story”? Yeah, it’s not as analytical as “I have a story, and what would be the best vehicle?” First, I just have to be grabbed by something—maybe it’s an emotion that I’m feeling intensely at that time, like when I was getting ready for my wedding and I felt anxious about wasting so much time getting physically ready, i.e., getting hot—or it could be as simple as asking myself, “What’s a world I’d like to live in for a little while?” Was all of this helpful in figuring out how to write the novella in the collection, [also titled] “Big Time”? It definitely paid off. Can you speak more about what makes the [1940s] era’s language so perfect for comedy? When you don’t have such kinds of perfect pairings in the language, narrative, character, and comedy coming from that, do you find it hard to manage and make calls on that joke-to-narrative ratio? A lot of the work in the collection deals with bodies—a fiancée wanting a perfect body for her wedding, a prehistoric influencer who gets eaten by a tiger, a gigantic teenager, a millennial pig, or a time-traveling actor. Was this a conscious thing for you that you were focusing on, or did it just arise naturally in the material? I mean, I never came at any of the stories with the intention of exploring bodily limitations. But, of course, as a human being on Mother Earth and a woman, I have so many body things that I am personally obsessed with. Punishing exercise is something that I’m interested in, that I have pursued in my own life. Being trapped in my body all the time is funny to me, and I’m constantly feeling limited by it and interested in feeling limited by it. I mean, in high school, I had scoliosis, and I wore a back brace for about a year. I think that helped give me an outsider perspective. In “Big Time,” the main character has a serious operation as a child for a freak reason—a similar thing happened to me as a teen, so I’ve had outsider body perspectives, and maybe that’s why it is something that I’m obsessed with. 
      By Jen Spyra. Random House.
     Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents © 2021 The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved. ",941,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886208285,2021-03-23 06:26:28,"Rare 1967 Chevrolet Corvette sold for $2,695,000, but falls short of record",https://www.foxnews.com/auto/1967-chevrolet-corvette-sold-2695000,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"The 2020 Corvette Stingray is the first mid-engine version of the all-American sports car. Fox News Autos Editor Gary Gastelu found out if it it has what it takes to compete with the world's best. According to Hagerty's Manager of Valuation Analytics John Wiley, the price paid for the Mecum car was just 2% percent below its expected value today and shows a strong market for classic cars, but that the 2014 car crossed the block during a peak that coincided with an available tax exemption on such sales that has since expired. CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP Nevertheless, the Mecum car's value rebounded from a 2018 auction where it reached a high bid of $1.7 million, which wasn't enough to clear its reserve price. ",129,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886309072,2021-03-23 08:35:26,"New UK law means $7,000 fines for vacations abroad",http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/skfTtfFxrCE/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886308802,2021-03-23 08:32:15,Beekeeper blasts CPS after it drops charges against three boys who were accused of destroying hives,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392807/Beekeeper-blasts-CPS-drops-charges-against-three-boys-accused-destroying-hives.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 44 A beekeeper has blasted the Crown Prosecution Service after it dropped arson charges against three teenagers who were accused of destroying 30 hives that he built over 20 years. Jay Lockyer, 18, and two youths were alleged to have set the fire in Swindon, Wiltshire, that toppled 30 hives owned by 89-year-old Ron Hoskins. The apiary in Stanton Country Park was burned down on March 16 last year and the blaze is estimated to have caused £21,000 worth of damage. But at Swindon Youth Court last week it was confirmed that the CPS had discontinued proceedings. Mr Hoskins, an expert apiarist, spent more than two decades researching and selectively breeding 'super-bees' that are able to cope with destructive varroa mites. The apiary in Stanton Country Park, Swindon, Wiltshire, was burned down on March 16 last year and the blaze is estimated to have caused £21,000 worth of damage Ron Hoskins, 89, an expert apiarist, spent more than two decades researching and selectively breeding 'super-bees' that are able to cope with destructive varroa mites The local community later raised £20,000 to help Mr Hoskins rebuild the site amid the Covid-19 outbreak, but he has lost decades of careful breeding and will have to start from scratch.   Lockyer was handed a six-month conditional discharge and ordered to pay a £21 victim surcharge after admitting possession of a headtorch stolen from the site. One of the boys, who faced the arson charge and cannot be named because he is under 18, was given a two-year custodial sentence last December for torching a £1.3million cottage in Wroughton.  Charges were dropped against Jay Lockyer, 18, and two youths, who were accused of setting the fire in Swindon, Wiltshire, that toppled 30 hives The scene that greeted members of the bee group at Stanton Country Park, where they keep their hives, in March last year The damage caused by the fire, pictured above. Mr Hoskins had devoted over two decades breeding a bee that was immune to the deadly Varroa mite, which has decimated honeybee population A varroa mite is pictured above Mr Hoskins, of the Swindon Honeybee Conservation Group, said it was 'most disappointing' that the CPS had abandoned the prosecution. He had devoted more than two decades breeding a bee that was immune to the deadly Varroa mite, which has decimated honeybee populations. The external parasites kill millions of the flying insects worldwide, with DEFRA urging beekeepers in the UK to monitor their hives for the pest. Mr Hoskins said: 'That has caused a lot of damage to the future of beekeeping because I was breeding a bee that was immune to a virus that is a killer of bees nationwide. 'It does appear that I don't have any more bees to breed from.  'We couldn't breed any last year because we didn't have the facilities. 'It took me 25 years to breed this bee. I don't have another 25 years.  'The loss to beekeeping is ginormous.' He has put up a notice by his Stanton apiary calling on anyone with information about the arson attack to contact Wiltshire Police. A CPS spokesperson said: 'The CPS has a duty to keep cases under continuing review and following a further review, we concluded there was no longer a realistic prospect of conviction.' In the wake of last year's fire, more than £20,000 was raised online for the Swindon Honeybee Conservation Group. Mr Hoskins added: 'I want to say thank you to everybody who donated, of course, because that was wonderful.  'That has more or less put us back on our feet.' In the wake of last year's fire, of which the aftermath is pictured above, more than £20,000 was raised online for the Swindon Honeybee Conservation Group The collection of hives and equipment pictured before the blaze. Mr Hoskins said it was 'most disappointing' that the CPS had abandoned the prosecution Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",665,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886301324,2021-03-23 05:55:00,Dear Care and Feeding: I’m Paranoid My Absent-Minded Husband Will Harm Our Baby,https://slate.com/human-interest/2021/03/absent-minded-parent-fears-harm-baby-care-and-feeding.html?via=rss,en,False,,19643,Slate.com,http://www.slate.com,"Dear Care and Feeding, My husband is warm, caring, and creative. He’s also always been a bit of an absent-minded professor type: everything from forgetting to lock the front door to ruining a very expensive camera because he got overly excited about taking some pictures in (yes, IN) a lake. We’re hoping to start a family soon, and while I fully believe that he’ll be a wonderful dad (with a few foibles), there’s one dark fear I can’t shake: I am terrified there will be a situation where he leaves our baby in the back seat of a hot car. This is such an easy thing to do for even the most conscientious parent, and the news stories about it are utterly tragic. I know all the tricks about putting your wallet in the back seat, etc. But how do I share this fear without sounding overly paranoid? It’s not that I don’t trust him as a person … I just don’t trust his brain! Thanks for your advice. —Paranoid Polly Dear Paranoid Polly, I’m not going to say that your fears are unfounded because, sadly, kids die every year due to being left in cars. But I also think that a “switch” appears in new parents’ brains when a baby appears. I’ll give you a personal example. My wife was concerned that I was going to be “lazy” and that she would be stuck doing all of the work for a baby prior to us becoming parents. It was mostly because I loved taking two- to three-hour afternoon naps on weekends, and I spent a lot of my free time after work playing video games or watching sports. She mentioned that concern to me multiple times, and I was offended at first—but in hindsight, she wasn’t wrong for feeling that way. To her surprise, I was a completely different person as soon as my oldest was born. My afternoon naps ended, I changed 95 percent of her diapers during all hours of the day/night, I read her stories every night, I was her designated hairstylist, and I spent all of my free time with her instead of being in front of the television. Don’t get it twisted—I don’t expect a statue to be built in my honor for doing what any dad should do, but I bring it up to say that my wife’s fears were completely eradicated. I don’t think there’s anything wrong with you bringing up your fears with your husband now (and multiple times, if needed) to let it sink in that you’re concerned. However, I strongly believe that the same “switch” that was turned on for me will turn on for him when he’s responsible for the life of a tiny human he helped to create. As I’ve said before in this column, unconditional love is the most powerful force in the universe, and it has changed countless lives—including mine. You can test this out in a safe space first, of course. See if he’s absent-minded at home with the baby—like forgetting to change her diaper when he said he would, for example. If that happens, you’ll have ample evidence to say, “See? This is what I’m talking about! Now do you see why I’m worried about you leaving her in a hot car?” No grown man wants to be micromanaged by having his wife supervise his car trips with his baby, so that could snap him out of it. In the extremely unlikely case that his brain isn’t functioning the way it should, then you may have to look into medical intervention to find out the root cause, but I doubt you’ll need to go that far. Dear Care and Feeding, I’m a Black mom with a Black 18-year-old son. As everyone knows, there’s a significant rise in anti-Asian hate crimes in America right now, but when I discussed the topic with him yesterday, he said, “I couldn’t care less about what happens to them. Why should I stand up for them when they don’t stand up for us (Black people)?” How can I get it through to him that this way of thinking is completely wrong? I feel like I failed him. —Angry Black Teen in Tennessee Dear Angry, Sadly, your son is not alone—I hear this perspective often in my work as an anti-racism facilitator, about how Black people feel about racism toward not just the Asian American and Pacific Islander community, but other minority communities too. I’ve always believed that the heartbeat of white supremacy is fueled by two things: good white people who do nothing to stop white supremacy and infighting among minority groups. Your son’s behavior qualifies as the latter. I totally understand his impulse. Although I know many Asian allies (I’m married to one), it would be naïve of me to say that pockets of anti-Black racism aren’t present in the AAPI community—I’ve experienced them, too. But that’s because pockets of anti-Black racism exist EVERYWHERE. Then my mom hit me with this: “You don’t hold open doors for people to get a thank-you. You do it because it’s the right thing to do.” Standing up against racism in all of its forms—including against the AAPI community—is simply the right thing to do. If your son truly wants to uplift the Black community, he should fight to uplift every marginalized group that’s victimized by racism. As I said earlier, white supremacists want us to fight against one another because it stops us from collectively fighting against them. It’s like politics. If you’re an elected official, are you only going to work for the people who voted for you, or are you going to work for all of your constituents? The same applies here. Your son can’t pick and choose the marginalized racial groups he wants to stand up for unless he wants to be outed as a bigot and a fraud. Unless all of us are free, none of us is free. Dear Care and Feeding, I’m 30 years old, and I am the only one in my group of friends to have a child. I don’t know if it’s the pandemic or new motherhood, but I am really feeling like I can’t connect well to others right now. I want to have someone besides my partner to share things with, like my excitement for my napping baby or my inner feelings of inadequacy and defeat. But my friends consist largely of a group text with girls I have known since I was 3 years old. All of our parents still live on the same block and talk—about us—daily. I had already been feeling like I no longer belonged in this clique, but having a baby made that even more clear. I am different from them and feel like continuing to try to fit in is not healthy. That said, I am a bridesmaid in two of their upcoming weddings. Their parents want to be involved in my daughter’s growing up, and they expect all of our kids to grow up together as well. I do have other friends, but they go out until 2 a.m. while my new bedtime is a comfortable 8 p.m. I have really good relationships with them, but they seem very judgmental and don’t get it. I am so worried that I will be completely lost in being a mom that I shut out the world and forget who I am later on. I want to show my daughter how to have friendships and hobbies and how to be independent. Am I wrong in feeling like I want to distance myself from past relationships? How do I address this? —In Need of New Feathers Dear New Feathers, You should definitely keep your commitments for your friends’ weddings, but you shouldn’t feel obligated to live your life in a way that makes other people happy. Doing so will only make you miserable and resentful, which serves nobody—especially your daughter. Have you considered branching out and making new friends who also have young children? Doing so is pretty easy now that we all have social media at our disposal. Some of my best friends now are parents I didn’t even know prior to becoming a dad. Having that common bond goes a long way. In terms of how you plan to address it with your current group of friends, you don’t have to send an announcement that you’ve outgrown them. If you focus on your interests and they focus on theirs, everything will happen naturally. It’s natural for humans to evolve, and that’s exactly what you’re doing. Dear Care and Feeding, My 15-year-old daughter has understandably spent increasing time on social media throughout the course of the pandemic, and late last spring, she began an account where she comments on racism in pop culture. My husband and I were proud she was choosing to use social media in this way—rather than gossiping about classmates or engaging in negative behavior—and we generally supported her efforts. Well … things have blown up. Last month, it appears my daughter “canceled” someone in our city for racist social media activity a few years ago. This “canceling” included publishing screenshots of the offensive language, personally identifying details about him, and a call for followers to hold him accountable. One of the man’s friends created an entire account centered around the “canceling” and attacked my daughter (and her followers) verbally—though no doxxing, thankfully. My daughter was spending three to four hours per day dealing with the fallout. Though we initially took away her access to social media to give her a chance to “detox,” the loneliness and isolation of the pandemic convinced us to let her back on her accounts, so she could maintain connections with friends and classmates. This snowballed into her spending hours online daily. She’s sadder than she used to be, receiving negative messages by the hour, and has even been called “toxic” by a former friend who apparently no longer believes in canceling as a form of social justice. Honestly, we’re exhausted by this. I want my happy, loving, checked-in daughter back. I feel like we have a ghost who lives entirely online and it’s making her lose her spark for life. We’re on the waitlist for therapy for her. I will also admit I find “cancel culture” detestable but I generally identify as liberal—so I don’t know how to handle this topic in my own life, much less my daughter’s. I have no idea what to do from here. Please help. —Canceled in California Dear Canceled, First, many racists have no desire to change and will only apologize when they’re caught. More important, you and your husband should step in to educate your daughter on the consequences of her actions. If she keeps it up, it’s highly likely she will get doxxed (aka having her private information published publicly). She could even see her enemies show up on your doorstep. I’m not saying that to scare you, but this is America in 2021, so you have to be prepared. This type of work is not for the faint of heart. Help her channel her energy in a healthy way. I’m glad you have her on the waiting list for therapy because I believe that will help her immensely, but you need something to help her now. I think the best course of action is to find ways outside of social media to fight against racism in her community and beyond. She can address racism in her school’s curriculum by talking to her teachers and administrators. She can organize racial justice Zoom calls with her classmates and her neighborhood. She can spend her free time bolstering her anti-racism education through courses, books, etc. The goal is to show her there are many options she can use to achieve her goals of racial justice without being tethered to her phone for multiple hours a day. Calling out individual racists is fine, but it’s more productive for her to help with the bigger picture of fixing the system. In other words, she should stop focusing on the sharks, and focus on the ocean. I know it seems overwhelming right now, but the storm will pass eventually. —Doyin Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents © 2021 The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved. ",2057,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886208284,2021-03-23 06:27:12,"Oregon women hold South Dakota to 9 1st-half points, cruise",https://www.foxnews.com/sports/oregon-women-hold-south-dakota-to-9-1st-half-points-cruise,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. The school that could have won the canceled women's NCAA Tournament last year stumbled into the tournament this year with a whole new cast. Except for Erin Boley and she made sure Oregon, which had lost five of six games, ended its funk. Boley scored 22 points and the 23rd-ranked Ducks closed out the first round of the women's NCAA Tournament late Monday night with a sleeper, downing South Dakota 67-47. ""We said from the time we left Vegas, from the Pac-12 tournament, that we were going to turn this around and end this season strong,"" Bole said. ""And I’m really really proud of this team. We came out and played so hard tonight."" CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM The 11th-seeded Coyotes missed their last 25 shots of the first half and were held to a near-record low in trailing 34-9 at the break. ""We just felt that this was the kind of team that, if we were just going to stay back and play kind of soft defense, they were going to pick us apart,"" Oregon coach Kelly Graves said. ""So we had to be the aggressive team."" Nyara Sabally added 17 points and Sedona Prince 12 as the sixth-seeded Ducks (14-8) took advantage of their size on both ends of the floor to head into a second-round matchup Wednesday with third-seeded and 10th-ranked Georgia in the Alamo Region. Boley, a senior who spent her freshman year at Notre Dame, surpassed 1,000 points with the Ducks. Hannah Sjerven scored 18 points and grabbed 12 rebounds for the Summit League champion Coyotes (19-6). Liv Korngable added 15 points for the Coyotes, who were in their fourth NCAA Tournament. Oregon made quick work of this one, The Coyotes made their first two shots before Prince and Sabally both made two baskets and a Boley 3-pointer capped an 11-0 run for a 13-4 lead. After Korngable scored at the 4:15 mark of the first quarter, the Coyotes missed their next 25 field goals. And after Sjerven made two free throws a minute later, they didn't score again until she made another free throw four seconds before the half. South Dakota was just 3-for-32 shooting. ""It’s hard to get a flow of the game going when your shots aren’t falling and that’s something, obviously, no one expects coming into a game,"" Sjerven said. The Coyotes ended their drought with their first shot of the third, making 8 of 20 shots and outscoring Oregon 20-16 in the quarter but the damage was done. Oregon finished the game at 60% (27 of 45), making 6 of 12 from 3-point range and all seven free throws but had an unsightly 23 turnovers. South Dakota was 13 of 33 (42.4%) in the second half. PROGRAM RECORD Oregon got an addition to its record book, allowing just nine points in the first half. The previous record was 10 scored by Saint Francis 15 years ago. Meanwhile, it was the second-fewest allowed in a half of an NCAA Tournament game. Prairie View scored eight in the first half against Baylor in 2011. TALL TIMBER Oregon chose to go tall — as in 6-foot-7 Prince, 6-5 Sabally and 6-2 Boley — across the front line against the Coyotes, whose only 6-foot starter is Sjerven at 6-3. South Dakota's second-tallest player is 5-11, the size of the Ducks' two guards. IN THAT OTHER TOURNAMENT Graves had to mention the men's tournament, where his old school Gonzaga, ""starring"" walk-on Will Graves, was on a collision course to possibly meet Oregon in the Elite Eight. ""You know what? I’m kind of anticipating an Elite 8 battle against the Ducks and my son, who plays for the Zags. Wouldn’t that be something? Don’t ask me who I’m cheering for in that, but I’m really proud of them. I think it’s great for our whole athletic department."" ",659,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886309064,2021-03-23 08:41:50,Vaccine trial participant and CNN correspondent's big reveal. Was it the placebo or the real thing?,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/2BKxWqavGmY/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886308801,2021-03-23 08:32:38,William and Kate visit vaccination centre at Westminster Abbey,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392953/William-Kate-visit-vaccination-centre-Westminster-Abbey.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 1.8k The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have today visited a vaccination centre at Westminster Abbey where they lit a candle and laid flowers to remember the 126,000 people who have died in Britain during the pandemic. The royal couple praised the efforts of those driving the UK's world-leading Covid-19 jab scheme as Britain remembers the tens of thousands of people who have died during the pandemic. William and Kate walked down the aisle in the cathedral they married in on April 29, 2011, with the country's most famous church now helping with the vaccination effort, vaccinating 2,000 people a week in Poets’ Corner. They also took part in the minute's silence at the Shrine of St Edward the Confessor, where William lit a candle and Kate, wearing a Catherine Walker coat, Jimmy Choo shoes and a bag from Metier London, left a bunch of daffodils. During the visit, The Duke and Duchess also heard from staff about their experiences of being involved in the largest vaccination programme in the nation’s history, and working in one of Britain's most revered buildings.  The couple also spoke with a number of people receiving their vaccine that day.  More than 22.8 million people have now had at least one jab in little over 100 days since the NHS vaccination programme began, whilst another 1.5million second doses have also been administered. On Sunday around 96,834 vaccinations an hour were were carried out, at an average of 27 jabs a second. Property manager George Clarke was surprised to see the royal couple as he was queuing for his vaccination. The 26-year-old, who suffers from asthma and was prioritised for vaccination, told MailOnline: 'As I walked into Westminster Abbey I saw William and Kate chatting to some of the people who were there. They both looked very relaxed and were smiling. You could tell all those arriving for their vaccine were happy to see them.'     The Queen today led Britain in remembering the victims of coronavirus as the country held a national minute's silence at midday to mark the anniversary of the first national lockdown. Boris Johnson, who was almost killed by Covid-19 himself, offered his 'sincere condolences to those who have lost loved ones' while Prince Charles called on Britain to 'remember the lives tragically cut short'. And Her Majesty said in a statement released at noon, as millions bowed their head: 'As we look forward to a brighter future together, today we pause to reflect on the grief and loss that continues to be felt by so many people and families, and pay tribute to the immeasurable service of those who have supported us all over the last year.' The Duke of Cambridge lit a candle by the Shrine of St Edward the Confessor during the national moment of reflection today  The Duchess laid a bouquet of daffodils in memory to all those who have lost their lives as a result of the pandemic over the last year  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge during a visit to the vaccination centre at Westminster Abbey, London, to pay tribute to the efforts of those involved in the Covid-19 vaccine rollout William and Kate walked down the aisle in the cathedral they married in on April 29, 2011. The church is now being used as part of the vaccination effort William and Kate spent time speaking to NHS staff and meeting people who were getting vaccinated this afternoon William and Kate shared a joke with workers who greet hundreds of people to the Abbey for vaccinations each day The Duchess of Cambridge speaks to staff during a visit to the vaccination centre at Westminster Abbey today Flowers sent from Queen Elizabeth II to staff at St Bartholomew's Hospital in London, which treated her husband Prince Philip earlier this month, on the anniversary of the first national lockdown to prevent the spread of coronavirus A woman becomes emotional while observing the minute's silence at University Hospital Southampton at noon today MPs and peers in both Houses of Parliament and ministers in the devolved nations marked the solemn anniversary at midday, while NHS and social care workers also joined the pause for reflection. Cathedrals in Blackburn, Winchester, Gloucester and York Minster also fell silent in honour of those who have died during the pandemic. The London Eye, Tate Britain, Blackpool Tower, the Scottish Parliament, Belfast City Hall and other buildings will be lit in yellow on Tuesday evening to mark the occasion. The public is also being urged to stand on their doorsteps at 8pm with a candle or light. William's father Prince Charles today called on Britain to 'remember the lives tragically cut short' by Covid-19 ahead of a national vigil this lunchtime as Boris Johnson marked the first anniversary of the first national lockdown in 2020 by vowing to end them 'once and for all'. The Prime Minister called a national minute's silence at midday to remember the 126,000 people who have died during the pandemic as around 10,000 families still grieve their loved-ones. Prince Charles has lent his support to the day of national reflection being held on the anniversary of the first UK lockdown.  In a recorded message, the heir to the throne, who is a patron of end-of-life charity Marie Curie, said: 'We have all been inspired by the resourcefulness we have witnessed, humbled by the dedication shown by so many, and moved, beyond words, by the sacrifices we have seen. 'Whatever our faith or philosophy may be, let us take a moment together to remember those who have been lost, to give thanks for their lives, and to acknowledge the inexpressible pain of parting. In their memory, let us resolve to work for a future inspired by our highest values, that have been displayed so clearly by the people of this country through this most challenging of times.'  And in a message released last night, the Prime Minister also urged people to 'also remember the great spirit shown by our nation over this past year', as millions of NHS staff and other critical workers worked tirelessly through the pandemic. While tens of millions of people have worked from home and home-schooled their children during the greatest crisis the country has faced since the Second World War.   Mr Johnson, who was almost killed by Covid-19 himself, added: 'We have all played our part, whether it's working on the front line as a nurse or carer, working on vaccine development and supply, helping to get that jab into arms, home-schooling your children, or just by staying at home to prevent the spread of the virus. 'It's because of every person in this country that lives have been saved, our NHS was protected, and we have started on our cautious road to easing restrictions once and for all.'  The Cambridges' royal duties came as it was claimed William was left ‘reeling’ by his brother’s bombshell television interview, with friends insisting that claims he was ‘trapped’ were ‘way off the mark’. The Duke of Cambridge was also said to be furious at Harry and Meghan’s ‘insulting and disrespectful’ treatment of the Queen and thinks they ‘blindsided’ her before quitting royal duties. William and Kate walk through the church to pay tribute to the efforts of those involved in the Covid-19 vaccine rollout. Kate smiles from behind her mask as she speaks to a woman who arrived for her appointment for the jab A masked Duchess of Cambridge arrives with her husband as the couple continued to back Britain's vaccination scheme Catherine Walker 'Valeria' coat See more Catherine Walker coats here... Almost ten years on from their wedding, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge returned to Westminster Abbey today to visit the vaccination center there.  Kate chose a classic coat dress for the engagement, turning to one of her all-time favorite designers, Catherine Walker.  We love the textured lace panels on the front of this cream coat, as well as the scalloped edging. The longer length is super flattering, and when teamed with pearl earrings, a Metier London suede bag and Jimmy Choo heels in a matching tan color, it's a very elegant ensemble.  The 'Valeria' coat is no longer online, but click (right) to see more of Catherine Walker's coat designs. Or give your wardrobe a regal feel with one of the similar coats we've got lined up for you in the edit below. From Boohoo to Gucci, we've got all budgets covered. Jimmy Choo 'Romy 85' suede heels at MyTheresa Metier London 'Roma' mini bag Boohoo oversized long coat Stradivarius double breasted coat at Asos Gucci wool coat at NET-A-PORTER The Duchess of Cambridge (left) speaks to staff during a visit to the Abbey, where people get jabbed in Poets' Corner The couple were met at the Abbey by the Dean of Westminster The Very Reverend Dr David Hoyle (right) and Paul Baumann, Receiver General and Chapter Clerk (left) The Duke and Duchess of Sussex made a series of damaging allegations – including implications of racism with claims that a family member asked how dark their son Archie’s skin might be. They also claimed that Meghan had suffered suicidal thoughts and had been given little support by the Palace. Harry’s claims that William and his father Prince Charles were ‘trapped’ in their royal roles were also said to be ‘way off the mark’, with a source insisting that William does not see it that way.  ‘He has a path set for him and he’s completely accepting of his role. He is very much his grandmother’s grandson in that respect of duty and service,’ they said. The relationship between the two brothers, who were once so close, has been strained for some time now and appears to have only got worse following the interview. But, according to the newspaper, it was William who initially tried to smooth things over, playing peacekeeper in the tense run-up to Harry and Meghan’s wedding in 2018. They finally divided their households in March 2019 following a series of disagreements about Harry’s role but William was still said to be shocked and upset when his brother decided to moved to America a year later.  Harry’s claims that William and his father Prince Charles were ‘trapped’ in their royal roles were also said to be ‘way off the mark’, with a source insisting that William does not see it that way Prince William was left ‘reeling’ by his brother’s bombshell television interview, with friends insisting that claims he was ‘trapped’ were ‘way off the mark’. They are pictured above in 2017 The Duke of Cambridge was also said to be furious at Harry and Meghan’s ‘insulting and disrespectful’ treatment of the Queen and thinks they ‘blindsided’ her before quitting royal duties Harry and Meghan’s controversial departure, dubbed ‘Megxit’, saw them choose to step back from senior roles and become financially independent. After the infamous ‘Sandringham summit’ – when the Megxit deal was hammered out – William and Harry went for a walk to clear the air. However they did not part shores as friends, it was reported. William was said to have been particularly aggrieved by the couple’s surprise launch of their ‘Sussex Royal’ website before the summit last January. Later, when the Queen decreed they could no longer use ‘royal’ in their future ventures, Meghan and Harry hit back with a bold statement saying they did not intend to use ‘Sussex Royal’ or ‘Royal’ even though there was ‘not any jurisdiction’ over its use overseas. A senior royal source told the newspaper that both the content and the fact the statement is still online is ‘staggering’. The source added: ‘That was it for William, he felt they’d blindsided the Queen in such an insulting and disrespectful way.’  The issue was said to still be on William’s mind at the Commonwealth Day service last year – the Sussexes’ final engagement as working royals – when tensions between the brothers were palpable. Despite this, it has been reported that William still hopes to heal the rift. A friend of William’s said the relationship was still ‘raw’, adding: ‘He’s very upset by what’s happened, though absolutely intent that he and Harry’s relationship will heal in time.’ The comments come amid reports that the Queen is considering appointing a diversity tsar to modernise the Monarchy. As part of a major drive, aides will speak to a range of businesses and individuals about how the Monarchy can improve representation, The Mail on Sunday reported yesterday.   The Prince of Wales has lent his support to the day of national reflection being held on the anniversary of the first lockdown Boris Johnson, who was almost killed by Covid-19 himself, offered his 'sincere condolences to those who have lost loved ones' The England national team pause to reflect before training today at St George's Park in Staffordshire Candles are lit during the National Day of Reflection at Blackburn Cathedral, on the anniversary of the first national lockdown Mayor of London Sadiq Khan helps to plant the final two trees in the London Blossom Garden at Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park in London today on the anniversary of the first national lockdown before taking part in a moment of silence Health workers at the Fazl mosque vaccination centre in South West London today take part in a minute's silence  Staff observe a minute's silence outside the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital in Glasgow at midday today Firefighters hold a minute's silence at Leeds fire station during the National Reflection Day at midday today - March 23: Prime Minister Boris Johnson announces the first UK lockdown, telling the public they will only be allowed to leave their homes for limited reasons, including food shopping, exercise once per day, medical need and travelling for work when absolutely necessary. All shops selling non-essential goods are told to close, gatherings of more than two people in public are banned, events including weddings - but excluding funerals - are cancelled. - March 24: Mr Hancock reveals that a new Nightingale hospital - with a capacity of 4,000 - is being prepared at the ExCeL Centre in London. - March 25: The Prince of Wales tests positive for coronavirus but is displaying only 'mild symptoms', Clarence House says. - March 27: Mr Johnson and Mr Hancock test positive for Covid-19, while England's chief medical officer Professor Chris Whitty says he has symptoms and is self-isolating. - April 5: The Queen tells the nation if we 'remain united and resolute' in the face of the coronavirus outbreak, 'we will overcome it'. Downing Street says the Prime Minister has been admitted to hospital for tests as a 'precautionary step' as his symptoms persist. - April 6: Downing Street says Mr Johnson's condition has worsened and he is moved to St Thomas' Hospital's intensive care unit. - April 7: Downing Street says the PM's condition remains 'stable' and he is in 'good spirits'. He is later moved from intensive care back to the ward. - April 12: Mr Johnson is discharged from hospital and will continue his recovery at Chequers, Downing Street says. The hospital death toll of people who have tested positive in the UK passes the 10,000 mark. - April 30: In his first Downing Street press conference since being admitted to hospital, Mr Johnson says the country is now 'past the peak of this disease'. - May 4: It is announced the first NHS Nightingale field hospital - at London's ExCeL centre - will be placed on standby. - May 5: The UK's declared death toll from coronavirus rises to more than 32,000, passing Italy's total and becoming the highest in Europe. - May 10: Mr Johnson announces the first easing of England's lockdown, telling people they are allowed to sunbathe in parks and leave the house to exercise more than once a day. - May 18: Everyone aged five and over is made eligible to be tested for coronavirus if they are showing symptoms, which are expanded to included a loss of taste or smell. - May 22: Reports suggest Mr Johnson's senior aide Dominic Cummings allegedly broke the Government's lockdown rules when he was spotted at his parents' property in Durham, where he was recovering from coronavirus symptoms after travelling from his London home with his wife, who also fell ill, and son. - May 23: A second eyewitness tells newspapers they saw Mr Cummings a week earlier in Barnard Castle, a popular tourist location 30 miles away from Durham, during the period he was believed to be self-isolating. - May 25: Mr Cummings defends his actions at a press conference in the Downing Street rose garden, saying he believes he behaved 'reasonably' and does not regret his actions. - May 28: NHS Test and Trace officially launches across England with the help of 25,000 contact tracers, while an accompanying app is still delayed by several weeks. Mr Johnson announces groups of up to six are allowed to meet outside. - May 30: Professor Jonathan Van-Tam says Britain is facing a 'very dangerous moment' with the easing of lockdown restrictions. - June 1: Lockdown measures are eased, with schoolchildren in England in Reception, Year 1 and Year 6 returning to the classroom. - June 16: The cheap steroid dexamethasone is hailed as a major breakthrough as a study suggests it is the first drug to reduce deaths from coronavirus. - June 19: The UK's chief medical officers agree to downgrade the coronavirus alert level from four to three after a 'steady' and continuing decrease in cases in all four nations. - July 3: A list of 73 countries and territories where English tourists can visit without self-isolating on their return is published, including popular short-haul destinations such as Spain, France and Italy. - July 4: Pints are poured in pubs and couples finally say 'I do' as lockdown restrictions are eased across England. - July 17: Mr Johnson eases the work-from-home guidance as he sets out plans for a 'significant return to normality' in England from as early as November. - July 24: Face coverings become mandatory in shops across England, with £100 fines for people who flout the rules. - July 30: People who test positive for coronavirus or display symptoms must now self-isolate for 10 days as Mr Hancock warns of a 'second wave starting to roll across Europe'. - August 3: The Government's Eat Out To Help Out scheme launches, with restaurants, pubs and cafes offering half-price meals to diners during August. - August 24: The Prime Minister issues a plea to parents to send their children back to the classroom when schools reopen. - September 8: Mr Hancock warns of a possible second peak following a 'concerning' rise in the number of cases. Social gatherings of more than six people will be illegal in England from September 14, ministers announce, as the Government seeks to curb the rise in coronavirus cases. - September 17: Baroness Dido Harding denies that the Test and Trace system is failing but acknowledges that a surge in demand is significantly outstripping capacity. - September 18: Mr Johnson warns that a second wave of coronavirus has arrived in the UK. The R number - representing the number of people an infected person will pass the virus to - is estimated to be between 1.1 and 1.4, meaning cases could rise very quickly. - September 21: Chief scientific adviser Sir Patrick Vallance tells a televised briefing the UK could see 50,000 cases a day by mid-October and a daily death toll of 200 or more a month later unless urgent action is taken. - September 22: The Prime Minister prepares to announce new restrictions including a 10pm curfew on pubs, bars and restaurants in England from September 24. Cabinet Office Minister Michael Gove recommends that people now work from home if able to do so. - September 24: A total of 6,634 new coronavirus cases are recorded, the highest single-day figure so far since the outbreak began. - October 12: The Prime Minister launches a three-tier system of local alert levels for England, with the Liverpool City Region the only area to be placed in the Tier 3 - very high - category. - October 31: Mr Johnson announces that people in England will be told to stay at home for four weeks as the country is placed under another national lockdown, with the closure of hospitality and non-essential shops. - November 24: The UK Government and devolved administrations agree on plans allowing families to reunite over the festive period by forming 'Christmas bubbles'. - December 2: England's national lockdown comes to an end and is replaced by a strengthened three-tier system. Meanwhile, the UK becomes the first country in the world to approve the coronavirus vaccine from Pfizer and BioNTech. - December 8: Grandmother Margaret Keenan, 90, becomes the first patient in the world to receive the Pfizer/BioNTech jab as the NHS launches its biggest ever vaccine campaign. - December 14: Mr Hancock tells MPs a new strain of coronavirus has been identified in southern England, with the number of cases involving the new variant 'increasing rapidly'. Tougher restrictions are imposed on London and parts of Essex and Hertfordshire following 'very sharp, exponential rises' in cases. - December 19: The Prime Minister cancels Christmas for almost 18 million people across London and eastern and south-east England by moving them into a newly created Tier 4 for two weeks - effectively returning to the lockdown rules of November - after scientists warn of the rapid spread of the new variant VUI 202012/01. - December 30: It is announced that an additional 20 million people in England will move to the tightest restrictions, making a total of 44 million in Tier 4, or 78% of the population. Meanwhile, a Covid-19 vaccine from Oxford University and AstraZeneca is approved for use in the UK. - January 4 2021: The Covid-19 alert level should be raised to five - the highest setting - a joint recommendation from the UK's chief medical officers says. Later that evening, in a televised address, Mr Johnson announces a third national lockdown for England which will see schools shut to most students and people urged to stay at home to prevent the NHS being overwhelmed by surging coronavirus infections. - January 9 2021: The Queen and Duke of Edinburgh receive their Covid-19 vaccinations and take the unusual step of making a health matter public. - January 19 2021: An estimated one in eight people in England had Covid-19 by December last year, according to antibody data from the Office for National Statistics' Covid-19 Infection Survey. - January 26 2021: According to the Government's measure of the death toll, more than 100,000 people in the UK have now died within 28 days of testing positive for coronavirus since the pandemic began. - February 2 2021: Captain Sir Tom Moore, who raised more than £32 million for the NHS by walking 100 laps of his garden before his 100th birthday during the first national lockdown in April, dies after testing positive for Covid-19. - February 15 2021: Travellers arriving in the UK from countries on the travel ban 'red list' must now quarantine in a Government-approved hotel for 10 days. - February 20 2021: The Prime Minister pledges that all adults will be offered a vaccine by July 31, while those aged 50 and over will be offered one by April 15. - February 22 2021: Mr Johnson announces a road map out of lockdown, with a four-step plan to gradually ease England's restrictions by June 21. - March 8 2021: All children in all year groups return to classrooms in England, with outdoor after-school sports and activities also allowed to restart. People are also allowed to have socially distanced one-to-one meetings with others outdoors in a public space. - March 17 2021: NHS leaders warn there will be a 'significant reduction' in vaccine supply for four weeks from March 29 due to a delay in deliveries from India and the need to retest a batch of 1.7 million doses. The Health Secretary says the vaccination programme remains 'on track' to meet the Government's targets. Meanwhile, European Union chief Ursula von der Leyen threatens to block the export of vaccines to the UK amid an ongoing row over the supply of the Oxford/AstraZeneca jab. - March 19 2021:The Prime Minister receives his first dose of the Oxford/AstraZeneca vaccine at St Thomas' Hospital in central London. - March 20 2021: The Government announces that half of the UK's adult population - some 26,853,407 people aged 18 and over - have received their first dose of the Covid-19 vaccine, as of March 19.   A year ago today the PM addressed the nation at 8pm and told them to stay at home to protect the NHS and avoid the 'devastating impact of this invisible killer'. Twelve months on, the nation will pause in remembrance at midday, with Brits encouraged to stand on their doorsteps at 8pm with phones, candles and torches to signify a 'beacon of remembrance'. More than 250 organisations are supporting the day of reflection, including 82 leaders from religious groups and cross-party politicians, care organisations, charities, businesses, emergency services, public sector bodies and community groups. Mr Johnson, who will observe the minute's silence privately, said: 'The last 12 months has taken a huge toll on us all, and I offer my sincere condolences to those who have lost loved ones. 'Today, the anniversary of the first lockdown, is an opportunity to reflect on the past year – one of the most difficult in our country's history.  'We should also remember the great spirit shown by our nation over this past year. We have all played our part, whether it's working on the front line as a nurse or carer, working on vaccine development and supply, helping to get that jab into arms, home schooling your children, or just by staying at home to prevent the spread of the virus. 'It's because of every person in this country that lives have been saved, our NHS was protected, and we have started on our cautious road to easing restrictions once and for all.' From March 29, the Rule of Six will return for outdoor gatherings, with the Government changing advice from Stay at Home to Stay Local, and a public transport lifted. Next month, should Covid-19 rates continue to fall, non-essential retail and hairdressers will reopen on April 12, along with restaurants and pubs to outdoor customers. May 17 will see hotel, cinemas and play areas reopen, with the Rule of Six dropped out doors, along with the possibility of international travel bans being lifted. June 21 could see all legal limits on social contacts go, along with all restrictions on large events, just in time for the summer.  According to the latest available data from the Office for National Statistics, there have been 618,676 deaths from all causes registered in England and Wales between March 21 2020 and the week ending March 5 2021. The figures also show that, across the UK, 147,681 deaths have now occurred where Covid-19 was mentioned on the death certificate. The Health Foundation calculates that those who died with Covid-19 have lost up to 10 years of life on average, with a total of up to 1.5 million potential years of life lost. Lending his support to the national day of reflection, the Prince of Wales, who is a patron of Marie Curie, said: 'Whatever our faith or philosophy may be, let us take a moment together to remember those who have been lost, to give thanks for their lives, and to acknowledge the inexpressible pain of parting. 'In their memory, let us resolve to work for a future inspired by our highest values, that have been displayed so clearly by the people of this country through this most challenging of times.' Addressing the nation last March 23, Mr Johnson said: 'Without a huge national effort to halt the growth of this virus, there will come a moment when no health service in the world could possibly cope; because there won't be enough ventilators, enough intensive care beds, enough doctors and nurses. 'And as we have seen elsewhere, in other countries that also have fantastic health care systems, that is the moment of real danger. 'To put it simply, if too many people become seriously unwell at one time, the NHS will be unable to handle it - meaning more people are likely to die, not just from Coronavirus but from other illnesses as well. 'So it's vital to slow the spread of the disease because that is the way we reduce the number of people needing hospital treatment at any one time, so we can protect the NHS's ability to cope - and save more lives. 'And that's why we have been asking people to stay at home during this pandemic. 'And though huge numbers are complying – and I thank you all - the time has now come for us all to do more. 'From this evening I must give the British people a very simple instruction - you must stay at home. 'Because the critical thing we must do is stop the disease spreading between households. Ending his speech, Mr Johnson said: 'We will come through it stronger than ever. We will beat the coronavirus and we will beat it together. 'And therefore I urge you at this moment of national emergency to stay at home, protect our NHS and save lives. Thank you.'  Since then the country has undergone varying levels of lockdown, most recently the country returned to strictest measures at the start of January, amid fears of variants and a second wave. Britain's vaccine roll-out has offered a light at the end of the tunnel after a year that saw elderly people and carers forced to shield from loved ones to avoid the virus.  Nearly 28million people have received their first dose of a Covid vaccine to date.  Dr Susan Hopkins, Public Health England strategic response director for Covid-19, said: 'This virus has left no one untouched and it has been the most challenging time both personally and professionally that many of us have ever faced. 'I want to say thank you today to all the public health professionals and key workers who have worked long and difficult hours to help keep the country safe.  'The commitment you have shown is an inspiration to us all.' Rachel Reeves,  Labour's shadow chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, added: 'Today we reflect on what has been a terrible year for our country and the huge sacrifices the British people have made. 'Our thoughts in particular are with those families who have lost loved ones to this terrible virus and will still be grieving. 'As we reflect on the past year, we owe it to those whose lives have been lost to learn the lessons from the pandemic and to build a stronger more secure future for our country.  'A public inquiry into the pandemic will be key to this.' To mark the anniversary, London's skyline will turn yellow with landmarks including the London Eye, Trafalgar Square and Wembley Stadium lighting up at nightfall. Other notable buildings that will be illuminated include Cardiff Castle and Belfast City Hall, while churches and cathedrals will toll bells, light thousands of candles and offer prayers. In Portsmouth, churches will deliver more than 50 boxes of chocolates and cards to local GP surgeries, care homes and schools to thank key workers for their pandemic efforts.  The Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby said: 'This day of reflection is an opportunity to pause and remember all that's happened over the past year, to mourn those who have died but also to give thanks for those who have looked after us and our communities. 'It is a moment to pray together to our Father in Heaven to comfort us in our grief and to lead us into the hope of the risen Christ and the eternal life he promises. 'As we reflect on the pandemic, may He strengthen our resolve to rebuild a kinder, fairer and more compassionate society, may He be with those who are struggling and may He guide us in honouring those we have lost over the past year.' Nursing staff will also pause to say thank you to members of the public for their year of sacrifice, and remember the loss of friends, colleagues and patients. Nursing leader Dame Donna Kinnair said: 'After a year of sacrifices and gestures, great and small, we are taking our turn to thank the public. In a time of loss and fear, they helped us to keep digging deeper. 'We will take a day to remember and reflect – as much about the future we want as the year we've had.'   As Europe is hit with a new wave of coronavirus cases, it was revealed todat face £5,000 fines for going abroad on holiday from Monday. The threat of penalties for leaving the UK without ‘reasonable excuse’ – such as for work or family matters – will remain in place until the end of June. Yesterday it emerged that France is likely to be added by the end of the week to a ‘red list’ of countries requiring hotel quarantine. Health officials are increasingly concerned by a surge in cases of the South African Covid variant across the Channel. A minister even suggested the whole of the continent could be put on the red list because of botched vaccine rollouts. That might mean the need to quarantine after foreign trips would stay in place until at least August. A ‘traffic light’ system is under consideration, allowing restriction-free travel to ‘green’ countries. However, sources stressed no decisions had been taken. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps is leading a taskforce that will report by April 12 on how and when the ban on non-essential travel can be lifted. Under Boris Johnson’s official roadmap it can be no earlier than May 17.  Care minister Helen Whately yesterday repeated official warnings that booking a trip abroad would be ‘premature’. But top scientists yesterday backed allowing foreign holidays this summer. Carl Heneghan, a professor of evidence-based medicine at Oxford University, said: ‘We were allowing people to go on holiday last summer, without any testing programme, and now we have got the vaccination programme and the testing programme. Given that, you have to ask the question, “What will it take if that’s not sufficient?”’ Professor Robert Dingwall, who sits on the Government’s scientific advisory group Nervtag, added: ‘We should have been able to complete the two rounds of vaccinations for the over-50s and clinically vulnerable by the end of April, early May. ‘Add on a couple of weeks for these things to take effect and you wouldn’t really have much of a case for going beyond the end of May [for extending the travel ban].’ However, given the picture in Europe it appears increasingly likely that foreign holidays will be delayed until at least June 21, the same day the Government plans to remove all domestic restrictions. The slow rollout of the vaccination programme in Europe means most countries popular with Britons are unlikely to be declared ‘green’ until late summer. This would make foreign trips impossible for most holidaymakers because of the ten days of quarantine. Putting France on the red list will mean returning British nationals are forced to isolate in an approved hotel at their own expense. Non-British residents will be banned from entering and direct flights will also cease. Exemptions would be made for hauliers to protect trade. Health minister Lord Bethell of Romford yesterday told peers: ‘The possibility is that we will have to red-list all of our European neighbours. But that would be done with huge regret because we are a trading nation.’ Thirty-five countries are on the red list, including the whole of South America, southern Africa, the United Arab Emirates and Qatar. Portugal was on the list but was removed last week. The ban on foreign holidays was implicit because leisure trips abroad were not one of the reasons allowed for leaving the house. But, from Monday it will be officially placed in law at the same time as the ‘stay at home’ message is lifted. The foreign travel ban does not apply to those going to the common travel area of the Channel Islands, Isle of Man and the Republic of Ireland. Exemptions apply to those needing to travel for work, study, for legal obligations or to vote. Births, weddings and visiting a dying relative or close friend also qualify. Damon Arnette threatens to kill someone while brandishing gun Howard Stern rips Aaron Rodgers over misleading vaccination comments Hunter seen shockingly kicking horse during Hertfordshire hunt Republican Paul Gosar tweets anime mashup showing him kill AOC Two-toed baby sloth surprises zookeepers with speedy birth Surveillance footage of two gunmen before killing at Mexico hotel Not guilty verdict after two pit bulls mauled elderly woman to death Owner screams of fright as dog throws squirrel at her Travis Scott tells crowd to 'f**k up' fan who 'tried to steal shoe' Little House on the Prarie star talks upcoming book about the show 'I lost my son:' Heartbroken Astroworld victim's dad sues organizers AOC tells activists to 'stay in the streets' at climate summit Step One Part One: March 8 From March 8, all pupils and students will return to schools and colleges across England. So-called wrap-around childcare will also be allowed to resume, paving the way for after and before school clubs to reopen. People will be allowed to meet one other person outside for recreation, for example, to have a picnic or to meet for coffee. Care home residents will be able to have one regular named visitor. The Government's stay at home order will remain in place, with travel for non-essential purposes still banned. Step One Part Two: March 29 From March 29, outdoor gatherings of up to six people or a larger group from up to two households will be allowed. These gatherings will be allowed to happen in private gardens. Outdoor sports like tennis and basketball will be allowed to reopen and people will also be able to take part in formally organised outdoor sports. It is at this point that the Government's stay at home guidance will end, to be replaced by ministers encouraging people to 'stay local'. However, the Government is expected not to define what constitutes local, instead choosing to rely on people using their common sense to decide on journeys. People will still be told to work from home wherever possible while international travel will still be banned unless it is for essential purposes. Step Two: April 12 Nom-essential retail will be allowed to reopen as well as personal care premises like hairdressers, barbers and nail salons. Public buildings like libraries, museums and art galleries will be allowed to welcome back customers. Meanwhile, hospitality venues and outdoor attractions like theme parks will be given the green light to reopen in some form. However, there will still be rules on household mixing: Essentially any activity which involves being indoors will be restricted to members of the same household. Gyms and swimming pools will also reopen from April 12 but only on the basis that people go on their own or with their own household. Pubs and restaurants will be able to reopen but at this point they will only be able to have customers outdoors.  The Government will not be bringing back the old requirement for people to order a substantial meal with alcohol while the old 10pm curfew will be ditched. All customers at hospitality venues will also have to be seated when they order food or drink, with ordering at the bar prohibited. Campsites and holiday lets where indoor facilities are not shared with other households can also reopen but trips must be restricted a single household. Funerals will be allowed to continue with up to 30 people, while the rules on wedding receptions will be eased to allow the number of guests to increase from six to 15. Step Three: May 17 The two household and rule of six requirements for outdoor gatherings will be ditched but gatherings of more than 30 people in places like parks will still be banned. Crucially, mixing indoors will be allowed again. The rule of six or a larger group from up to two households will be allowed to meet. However, this will be kept under review by ministers to see if rules could be relaxed still further. This is also the point at which pubs and restaurants and other hospitality venues will be able to open indoors, with the rule of six and two household limit in place. But groups meeting outdoors at pubs will be allowed to be bigger. Entertainment venues like cinemas and children's play areas will be able to reopen, as will hotels and B&Bs. Indoor adult sports groups and exercise classes can also reopen. Changes will also be made to sporting and performance events in indoor venues with a capacity of 1,000 people or half full Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",6855,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886301322,2021-03-23 06:00:00,Help! I Just Accidentally Stole a Bag of Stuff From the Dollar Store.,https://slate.com/human-interest/2021/03/accidentally-stole-from-store-dear-prudence-advice.html?via=rss,en,False,,19643,Slate.com,http://www.slate.com,"Danny M. Lavery is online weekly to chat live with readers. Here’s an edited transcript of this week’s chat. One weekend last summer, I told my older sister. She was mortified! She claimed that it was “just like rape” even though I was an adult and a willing participant. And while I am sure he was thanking his lucky stars, we were both taking advantage of each other. Now my sister wants me to confront this man and his family. Prudence, he is in his late 70s, and my understanding is he has dementia. His children don’t know about this, and I see no reason for them to know now. Furthermore, the last thing I want to do is drag my husband into this. But my sister is insistent to the point where she says she’s “willing to do the talking for me.” How can I get her to stand down? One member gained a significant amount of weight years after our adolescence. I have never asked her about it, and I’ve never discussed it with the other two. It didn’t change anything about who she was, so why would we? I assume she’s experienced fatphobia, although hopefully never from us. But I feel hypocritical because I avoid topics that might be fraught (say, a feature story on a plus-sized model’s journey and challenges), without having ever asked her if she finds those topics triggering. You’ll have to believe me, I very rarely think about this part of her existence when we interact. Fast forward six months, and I find myself paying for almost everything we do (takeout, groceries, dates). I don’t actually mind spending money on us—I can afford it—but I struggle with codependency issues from trauma, and I’m worried that I’m using money as a way to deal with guilt, or to try to control how he feels about me. He does not ask me to do this, but I feel stingy if I ask him to pay for a takeout meal because it would be no big deal for me and would be a hit in the budget for him. I gave him rent money once, which I offered. Today he quit his job (which I encouraged, for mental health reasons), but I find myself obsessing about what to do if he gets in a serious financial bind. He mentioned he was scared he would have to move home on the opposite coast if he can’t find a job in four months. Should I refuse to help financially even if that means him moving and losing him? Do I give him more money, or does that mean I’m just giving into my codependent tendencies of saving someone? You can also discuss this with a financial planner and a trusted friend or two. It would be a mistake, I think, to keep this completely between the two of you simply because you feel embarrassed about making more money. It might create an environment where you started to feel obligated to continue giving him money indefinitely simply because you had done so in the past, where you felt internal pressure to minimize your own needs and concerns because you haven’t been able to share your guilt, and that would not serve either of you well. That doesn’t mean you have to broadcast your financial situation to everyone you know, but one or two trusted friends should go a long way toward helping you see certain potential roadblocks or problems before they arise. You two have barely talked about money except for a general conversation about your respective expenses and privileges. That’s fine for a start, but now that money’s changing hands regularly, you need to be able to talk about your budget at least as often as you talk about your feelings. Good luck! I do, however, feel that he’s my father and he should make an effort to be a part of my and my family’s life. He has tumultuous relationships with his other children. They argue, then the next day act like nothing has happened. My sister and I have always steered away from the dysfunction and drama. I’m willing to let bygones be bygones but I need him to accept responsibility that our relationship is in this current state due to his inability to face his lack of wanting to be in our lives. I was thinking about seeing him the next time I travel back home and having a conversation about us starting over. I feel as though this is an ego thing and he’s embarrassed to admit that he failed as a parent. Am I asking too much for him to take some initiative in our relationship? I’m torn. I understand if people don’t want to support him, but does that mean I have to stop? After reading the accusations against him, I personally find a lot of the backlash against him overblown. I enjoy his podcast, and I feel a little guilty pleasure when I listen to it. I won’t support all his endeavors—he is a bit much—but is it that terrible if I review the charges against him and continue to keep up with him quietly? I’ll finish by noting you don’t say a lot about what you like positively about this writer or his work. You think the charges against him seem flimsy, that his viewpoints are often mischaracterized, that he doesn’t say “wildly” unreasonable things, that you think the backlash against him has been overblown, and that you feel guilty pleasure when you listen to him. You think most people don’t understand him, but you don’t say much about what you think there is to understand. That’s not to say you’re not allowed to like him until you can list three unique and concrete accomplishments of his, but it’s worth asking yourself, “Do I like his work specifically, or do I like feeling like I’m secretly thumbing my nose at the consensus of my friends, and his podcast is the easiest way to access that feeling?” If you missed Part 1 of this week’s chat, click here to read it. Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents © 2021 The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved. ",1041,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886208282,2021-03-23 06:33:33,"Beauvillier scores in OT, gives Isles 2-1 win over Flyers",https://www.foxnews.com/sports/beauvillier-scores-in-ot-gives-isles-2-1-win-over-flyers,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. ""It would be larceny, probably,"" Islanders coach Barry Trotz joked when asked about his goalie’s performance. The 24-year-old Sorokin has allowed just 11 goals during his personal winning streak. ""He’s just been unbelievable,"" Oliver Wahlstrom said. CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM Wahlstrom also scored for the East Division-leading Islanders. New York has won 11 of 13. Oskar Lindblom scored for the slumping Flyers, who lost for the eighth time in 12 games. Philadelphia outshot the Islanders 37-19. ""We came to play tonight right from the beginning,"" Flyers coach Alain Vigneault said. ""We had some real good looks. At the end of the night, their goaltender was the difference."" On the winning goal, New York took advantage of Shayne Gostisbehere’s turnover in the Flyers’ zone. Jean-Gabriel Pageau sent the pass behind the net to Beauvillier, who beat Brian Elliott on a backhand. ""It’s one of those instinct plays,"" Beauvillier said. ""It just happens and you hope for the best. I was fortunate it hit his skate and went in the net. Sometimes you get lucky with it."" New York took two of three from Philadelphia in the three-game mini series. The Flyers won the opener 4-3 on Thursday, and the Islanders won 6-1 on Saturday. Both of those contests were on the Islanders’ home ice. Lindblom put the Flyers ahead 1-0 with 7:57 left in the second when scored his fifth of the season from close range on a assists from Claude Giroux and Jake Voracek. Wahlstrom tied it 4:06 into the third when he pounced on a loose puck in front of the crease and shot high over sprawled Elliott. ""Just a rebound goal I could bury,"" Wahlstrom said. Elliott, Philadelphia’s regular backup, got the start and was backed by Alex Lyon. Carter Hart, Philadelphia’s primary starter who has struggled recently, spent the day working with goaltending coach Kim Dillabaugh. Besides the result, Elliott liked the way the Flyers played. ""It was a really good game from a lot of aspects from our team,"" he said. ""It’s a good building block and shows us how we need to play on a nightly basis."" BREAK TIME The Islanders originally were scheduled to play at Boston on Tuesday, but they instead will have the day off after the game was postponed due to COVID-19 protocols with the Bruins. ""It’s huge whenever you get the opportunity to rest and recover from anything at this point,"" Beauvillier said. ""Everyone is kind of banged up physically and mentally. We’re going to try to make the best of it and be back stronger."" LINEUP SHUFFLE Flyers C Sean Couturier returned to the lineup after missing Saturday’s game at the Islanders with a hip injury, and Gostisbehere returned after being benched for the previous three contests. UP NEXT Islanders: Scheduled to play at Boston on Thursday. Flyers: Host New Jersey on Tuesday. ",492,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886308799,2021-03-23 08:34:13,Loggerhead Turtles washed ashore NSW coast due to severe weather and huge swells,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392067/Loggerhead-Turtles-washed-ashore-NSW-coast-severe-weather-huge-swells.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 4 Wildlife rescuers warned of Loggerhead Turtles washing up to shore 'as a result of the bad weather we are experiencing'. The tiny turtles were spotted on beaches along the coast after being pushed in by the swell and getting beached due to the severe weather. Wildlife rescuers have warned of several Loggerhead Turtles (pictured) washing up to shore Rescuers urged beachgoers to call for help if they come across the turtles and minimise interaction with the reptiles. They also reminded people not to put the sea creatures back into the water as they may die. Loggerhead turtles are deemed an endangered species across Australia and mainly found in tropical and warm temperate waters off the coast of Queensland, the Northern Territory, Western Australia and NSW.  They are carnivorous in which their diet consists of shellfish, crabs, sea urchins and jellyfish.  Including the head, loggerhead turtles can grow up to 1.5m in length.    Rescuers are urging walkers to call for help if they come across the turtles and minimise interaction with the reptile (stock) NSW is experiencing the worst flooding in 50 years as thousands of residents are urged to flee their residence and find safety.  Strong rains continued into Tuesday, with the Bureau of Meteorology warning of a further 300mm deluge to hit affected areas before the weather system finally eases in the evening in NSW and on Wednesday morning in Queensland. The NSW State Emergency Service has responded to 9,700 calls for help across the state's eastern coast and conducted 870 flood rescues. Already, 34 NSW councils have declared natural disaster zones, with the powerful storm that lashed the state's north coast and western Sydney now spreading to the Illawarra region on the south coast. About 100-200mm of rain fell across the region on Tuesday, peaking at 300mm in some parts. Repreive will finally set in on Wednesday with the sun expected to shine and temperatures of up to 27C.    Source: Australian Seabird Rescue Inc Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",346,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886301317,2021-03-23 06:47:52,"What We Know About the Boulder, Colorado Grocery Store Shooting",https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2021/03/mass-shooting-king-soopers-grocery-store-boulder-colorado-what-we-know.html?via=rss,en,False,,19643,Slate.com,http://www.slate.com,"A daily email update of the stories you need to read right now. Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents © 2021 The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved. ",35,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886208278,2021-03-23 06:34:57,"Heidi Klum and daughter Leni, 16, are twins in ‘all natural’ makeup-free selfies",https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/heidi-klum-daughter-leni-selfies,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top entertainment and celebrity headlines are here. Check out what's clicking today in entertainment. HEIDI KLUM SAYS DAUGHTER LENI, 16, HAS AN INTEREST IN MODELING AND HOSTING TV HEIDI KLUM DANCES AROUND IN SAVAGE X FENTY LINGERIE CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER ",50,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886308796,2021-03-23 08:35:10,Obese monkey overfed by Thai shoppers sparks comparisons to 'Uncle Fatty' who 'ate himself to death',https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392655/Obese-monkey-overfed-Thai-shoppers-sparks-comparisons-Uncle-Fatty-ate-death.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 27 An obese monkey kept at a Thai market has ballooned to a dangerous size after being thrown junk food by passersby. The three-year-old primate, named Godzilla, has drawn comparisons with the late Uncle Fatty, a long-tailed macaque who is believed to have eaten himself to death. Godzilla was seen earlier this month in the Min Buri district of Bangkok, where visitors crowded over the stall where the monkey sat and attempted to feed it. In a video, the male monkey, which is tied to the stall, can be seen wearing a tight-fitting t-shirt. Godzilla flops onto a cushion while a visitor rubs his back. The macaque then gnaws at a plastic water bottle before hurling it away. An obese monkey kept at a Thai market has ballooned to a dangerous size after being thrown junk food by passersby. The three-year-old primate, named Godzilla, weighs more than 20kg Shopkeeper Manop said she adopted Godzilla after he was abandoned by the stall's previous owner. She said she feeds the monkey and treats him well but has not been able to keep his weight under control.  'The rescue team found Godzilla when he was very small. And since he grew up being fed by humans, he does not know how to find food on his own in the wild,' Manop said. Godzilla was seen earlier this month in the Min Buri district of Bangkok, where visitors crowded over the stall where the monkey sat and attempted to feed it Godzilla's weight has now ballooned to more than 20kgs - almost as heavy as Uncle Fatty, who tipped the scales at 27kg and was believed to be between 10 and 15 years old. Macaques normally weigh between eight and 10 kilos. Uncle Fatty was a wild monkey whose bulk increased after gorging on junk food from passersby in Thailand in 2017.  The primate was later sent to 'fat camp' but was last seen in June 2019 before going missing and is presumed dead.           Godzilla has drawn comparisons with the late Uncle Fatty (pictured), a long-tailed macaque who is believed to have eaten himself to death Uncle Fatty, who tipped the scales at 27kg and was believed to be between 10 and 15 years old He was a wild monkey whose bulk increased after gorging on junk food from passersby in Thailand in 2017 Manop said Godzilla exercises every morning but still has not been able to shift the weight.  She added that the monkey does not like to be touched by strangers and will start to behave wildly if it does not like the person.  'I bring Godzilla with me to the market where I can look after him. I don't like him to be on his own because he gets stressed. 'A lot of people give Godzilla food but he only eats from people he likes. He's very fussy and can get angry if he doesn't like the person.'  Uncle Fatty was considerably larger than average-sized macaques, two of which are pictured with the obese monkey above Uncle Fatty was later sent to 'fat camp' but was last seen in June 2019 before going missing and is presumed dead Thailand is home to hundreds of thousands of wild monkeys including gibbon, macaque, langur and loris, that roam free and are popular with tourists.  They often co-exist with human populations, and are known to steal food in order to survive. However, they can also be an attraction for tourists and many have worked out that they are often happy to had over food. Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",610,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886208277,2021-03-23 06:36:48,"Fox scores 30, Haliburton has 28 as Kings beat Cavs 119-105",https://www.foxnews.com/sports/fox-scores-30-haliburton-has-28-as-kings-beat-cavs-119-105,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com. Buddy Hield added 19 points and Richaun Holmes had 17 points and 16 rebounds for the Kings, who went 3-3 on their 10-day trip. Harrison Barnes made a late run at a triple-double with nine points, 10 rebounds and eight assists. ""That will make the flight back a little bit easier for the guys and for the coaching staff,"" Sacramento coach Luke Walton said. ""We knew we had a great opportunity tonight, so I’m pleased with the road trip, for sure."" CLICK HERE FOR MORE SPORTS COVERAGE ON FOXNEWS.COM JaVale McGee paced the Cavaliers with 18 points and nine rebounds, while Collin Sexton had 15 points and seven assists. Cleveland, playing its third home game in four days, trailed for the final 25 minutes and has lost six of eight. ""Understandably, some nights you just don’t have it,"" Cavaliers coach J.B. Bickerstaff said. ""The guys kept trying, but we were just hunting as a group and couldn’t put it together consistently."" The Kings seized control with a 23-9 run to open the third quarter, fueled by 11 points from Fox, to push their lead to 86-68. Haliburton followed with 14 points in the fourth when Sacramento went up by 19. Haliburton, the No. 12 pick, is averaging 15.0 points and 4.0 assists since moving into the starting lineup four games ago. He shot 11 of 15, including 4 of 5 on 3-pointers, and made both free throws in 36 minutes. ""It felt nice to see the ball go in the hoop and that gave me confidence,"" Haliburton said. ""When the shots aren’t falling, I get really hard on myself, but I’ve got to learn to control what I can control. That’s how hard I play and the attitude I have."" Fox and Haliburton each had 14 points in the first half as the Kings held a 63-59 advantage. There were 15 lead changes and 10 ties with the clubs combining to make 51 of 97 shots. ""De’Aaron has gotten a lot stronger and I think you see that in his game, and Tyrese was great,"" Walton said. ""There were stretches when De’Aaron took over and stretches where he did. It’s exciting to watch them grow together."" The Cavaliers may have a different look when they return to Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse on April 1. Center Andre Drummond and backup McGee could be dealt before the NBA trade deadline Thursday. ""I thought JaVale gave us a nice lift off the bench with the group he was out there with,"" Bickerstaff said. The Kings made their first trip to Cleveland since Dec. 7, 2018, and played the Cavaliers for the first time since April 4, 2019. TIP-INS Kings: F Marvin Bagley III (left hand fracture) missed his fourth straight game and will be sidelined until at least mid-April. ""We need to keep the mentality of getting to the rim,"" Walton said. ""Losing Marvin and his skill-set definitely hurts that."" … C Chimezie Metu (right wrist fracture) and rookie G Jahmi’us Ramsey (right hamstring strain) were inactive. … Both Sacramento games against Cleveland in 2019-20 were canceled. Cavaliers: G Matthew Dellavedova (appendectomy) was downgraded from questionable to out after taking part in back-to-back practices, further delaying his season debut. … F Kevin Love (right calf soreness) and F Taurean Prince (left shoulder sprain) remain unavailable. … G Quinn Cook signed a second 10-day contract before the game. … Two-way G Brodric Thomas finished third in the G League Rookie of the Year voting. MEMORY LANE Walton wrapped up his playing career with the Cavaliers, appearing in 71 games from 2011-13. He also became engaged to his now-wife Bre during his stay. ""I had a great time in Cleveland,"" Walton said. ""The city is great. The fans are great. And I got the chance to play with a young Kyrie (Irving) and a young Tristan (Thompson). We didn’t win a ton, but we had a good time."" UP NEXT Kings: Host Atlanta on Wednesday. Cavaliers: Visit Chicago on Wednesday. The longtime Central Division rivals will play all three of their matchups in a 27-day span. ",694,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886308787,2021-03-23 08:42:59,Another 100 migrants are set to arrive on UK shores today,https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9392995/Another-100-migrants-set-arrive-UK-shores-today.html?ns_mchannel=rss&ns_campaign=1490&ito=1490,en,False,,1145,drudgereport,http://drudgereport.com/," 1.1k More than 150 migrants today arrived on UK shores on what could be one of the busiest days of 2021 so far for Channel crossings. It is understood at least six boats have been intercepted by Border Force as they attempted the crossing during a day of very poor visibility at sea. At least 10 others were helped from the back of Border Force cutter Alert an hour later, with the HMC Hunter then pictured arriving with at least 30 migrants on board. Many of the migrants appear to be Vietnamese nationals, with men, women and a six-year-old girl seen wearing face masks and wrapped in blankets on arrival.  A damaged RHIB was moored in the harbour after making the dangerous 21-mile journey across the busiest shipping route in the world. Border Force cutters Hunter and Alert were today seen escorting migrants to Dover, Kent Around six small boats have been intercepted by Border Force today, with three others spotted making the treacherous journey across the English Channel Those on board the HMC Hunter were wrapped up warm from the crossing as they arrived The Home Office has not yet confirmed how many migrants arrived this morning. Pictured: Arrivals on Tuesday Photographs from Dover later showed several men waving from a bus as they waited to be transported to temporary holding facilities.   The Home Office has not yet confirmed how many migrants arrived today. It comes after 10 others were detained while making the journey to Dover by small boat on Sunday - in the first successful crossing in two weeks. Stormy conditions at sea have caused a lull in arrivals following the busiest day of the year so far, when 115 were brought to shore on March 8. Photographs from Dover also showed a group of men waving from a bus as they waited to be transported to temporary holding facilities earlier today Pictured: Men wave from the inside of a bus leaving Dover Harbour following arrivals today Young children were among those who arrived at Dover, Kent after crossing the Channel Today is expected to be one of the busiest days of 2021 so far for small boat Channel crossings The Border Force cutter Hunter arrives in Dover today with at least 30 migrants on board There were an estimated 30 people on board the HMC Hunter when it was brought to shore But a single boat managed to make its way to British shores through rough waves at around 8am on Sunday. Young children were among those brought to Dover, Kent by the Border Force vessel Hunter.   The Home Office said French authorities also intercepted at least 98 migrants overnight on Sunday.  Maritime affairs patroller Thémis collected 38 people - including four women and four children - in difficulty and returned them to Calais shortly after 10.30am. French Navy assistance and rescue tug Abeille Languedoc picked up a further 34 migrants - including five women and seven children - who were taken to Boulogne-sur-Mer at 11.30am. Arrivals were seen wearing face masks and life jackets after attempting the crossing today Pictured: Another arrival in Dover, Kent, today on what is expected to be the busiest day of 2021 for migrant landings Those arriving in Dover wrapped up in red blankets as they were brought to shore in Kent It comes after 10 others were detained while making the journey to Dover by small boat on Sunday - in the first successful crossing in two weeks. Pictured: Todays arrivals  A man without shoes is helped through Dover Harbour by another migrant this morning Minister for Immigration Compliance and the Courts Chris Philp said on Sunday: 'These dangerous crossings are facilitated by serious organised criminals exploiting people and profiting from human misery. 'The French prevented at least 98 migrants from making such journeys overnight meaning they stopped around 90 per cent of crossing attempts. 'We are building a new asylum system which is fair but firm, which will offer protection to those in genuine need through official routes while cracking down on those who enter the UK illegally and the abhorrent gangs who enable it.'    It took the total number of migrants to cross the Channel by small boat in March to 275. Around 806 have arrived so far this year. Pictured: One of at least seven small boats intercepted by Border Force officials today Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group ",741,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886208274,2021-03-23 06:38:13,Morgan Wallen's 'Dangerous' tops charts for 10th week following racial slur scandal,https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/morgan-wallen-dangerous-tops-charts-10th-week-racial-slur-scandal,en,False,,1092,Fox News,http://www.foxnews.com/,"Fox News Flash top entertainment and celebrity headlines are here. Check out what's clicking today in entertainment. MORGAN WALLEN'S ALBUM SALES INCREASE AMID RACIAL SLUR CONTROVERSY ""Dangerous"" is the only album to spend its first 10 weeks on top of the chart, as before ""Whitney,"" only Stevie Wonder's ""Songs in the Key of Life"" had achieved such a feat, spending 13 weeks at number one. Notably, Adele's ""21"" also earned 10 consecutive weeks in the coveted slot in 2012. In total, the album spent 24 non-consecutive weeks at number one. MORGAN WALLEN SPEAKS OUT AMID ONGOING N-WORD CONTROVERSY, SAYS HE WAS ON 72-HOUR BENDER CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR OUR ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER ",122,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886211860,2021-03-23 06:40:49,U.S. Health Officials Question AstraZeneca Vaccine Trial Results,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/business/astrazeneca-vaccine-questions.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by According to federal officials, an independent panel of medical experts said the encouraging results announced on Monday might have relied on outdated information. Send any friend a story The accusation, in a two-page letter sent Monday to the company and federal officials, was a fresh blow to the credibility of a vaccine whose low price and relatively easy storage have made it critical to the global fight against the coronavirus pandemic. The private letter, which was described by people who have read it, castigated AstraZeneca for jeopardizing the integrity of a closely watched clinical trial. “Decisions like this are what erode public trust in the scientific process,” the oversight board wrote. The fight is about the degree of effectiveness of a vaccine that is undisputably effective. While AstraZeneca said on Monday that its vaccine appeared to be 79 percent effective at preventing Covid-19, the panel of independent experts said the actual number may have been between 69 percent and 74 percent. The mass availability of a vaccine with even a 69 percent efficacy rate could help the world conquer the coronavirus. But the public airing of a conflict between a pharmaceutical company and a board overseeing a clinical trial is almost unheard-of. It is certain to trigger extra scrutiny of the vaccine by the Food and Drug Administration and other regulators if, as expected, AstraZeneca seeks their authorization to use it on an emergency basis in the United States. Repeated problems with the data presented by AstraZeneca have shattered the confidence of American regulators and threaten to cast a worldwide cloud over the company’s vaccine. “Any type of thing like this could unfortunately contribute to a lack of confidence in the process,” said Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, the nation’s leading infectious-disease expert. “If they keep making these unforced errors, then that’s going to derail confidence, and that will really affect our ability to combat this pandemic,” said Dr. Peter J. Hotez, a vaccine expert at the Baylor College of Medicine. At issue is whether to count, in the public release of data, more recently confirmed cases of Covid-19 among participants. The oversight board pushed AstraZeneca representatives last week to go through a backlog of potential cases and classify whether they were or were not Covid-19. That had the potential to affect the vaccine’s effectiveness rate, for better or worse. The requested analysis showed that the vaccine was between 69 percent and 74 percent effective, according to the oversight board’s letter. But when AstraZeneca unveiled its interim results on Monday, the company did not count those newly classified Covid-19 cases. As a result, it reported that the vaccine appeared to be 79 percent effective at preventing the disease. Until they received the monitoring board’s letter, AstraZeneca executives weren’t aware that the panel expected them to include the updated figures in their news release, according to a person familiar with the executives’ thinking. Federal officials, however, were stunned to discover on Monday that AstraZeneca had released those results even though the monitoring board had spent days pushing for — and eventually received — updated data. By then, Dr. Fauci had publicly hailed the results at a White House briefing, and the company had been showered with positive media coverage. AstraZeneca’s shares rose about 4 percent on Monday. AstraZeneca on Tuesday defended its actions, saying the interim results appeared to be “consistent” with more recent data collected during the trial. The company said it would immediately share its latest data with the monitoring board and reissue fuller results within 48 hours. The company’s shares fell 3.5 percent on Tuesday. Dr. H. Cody Meissner, an infectious-disease expert at Tufts University School of Medicine, said he had never before seen such a sequence of events with a vaccine developer. “You know the anti-vaccine community is going to use this as fodder to argue that pharmaceutical companies are always deceptive,” he said. Dr. Meissner, who serves on a board that advises the F.D.A. on whether to approve vaccines, predicted that if AstraZeneca sought such authorization, board members would be even more careful than usual to scrutinize its hundreds of pages of data. “I will make sure I don’t skip a word,” he said. Dr. Eric Topol, a clinical trials expert at Scripps Research in San Diego, said it was “highly irregular” to see such a public display of friction between a monitoring board and a pharmaceutical company. “I’ve never seen anything like this,” he said. “It’s so, so troubling.” Last week, an apparent delay in the release of the vaccine’s interim trial results raised fresh suspicions among federal officials. In response to questions from The New York Times, an AstraZeneca spokeswoman, whom the company refused to name, said on Friday that any back and forth between the company and the monitoring board was simply run-of-the-mill dialogue. “As is often the case,” she said, monitoring boards “can request new or clarifying analyses of data from the trial. This would enable them to ensure the robustness of their determinations.” With more than 32,000 participants, the U.S. trial, which received funding from the National Institutes of Health, was the largest test of its kind for the shot. The results that AstraZeneca released on Monday reflected an interim look at the data after 141 Covid-19 cases turned up among volunteers, one-third of whom had received a saline placebo. That was enough cases to evaluate whether the vaccine was effective at preventing the disease. The implications of the trial extend beyond the United States, which has ordered 300 million doses of the vaccine. AstraZeneca’s application for emergency authorization may take more time to review than those from the companies that have already won clearance. If there is not an obvious need for the vaccine in the United States by the time the F.D.A. evaluates it, regulators may feel less urgency to complete their review. Even if AstraZeneca persuades American regulators to authorize its vaccine, it is not clear whether the Biden administration will deploy it here. By the end of May, federal officials have said, the three already authorized sets of manufacturers — Pfizer and BioNTech, Moderna, and Johnson & Johnson — will have supplied enough doses to cover all American adults. In September, key federal officials, including the F.D.A.’s commissioner at the time, Dr. Stephen Hahn, learned only from the news media that trials of the vaccine were halted globally after a volunteer in Britain developed worrisome neurological symptoms. AstraZeneca officials had been on a conference call with the F.D.A. just a few hours before the news broke, but they neglected to mention the safety issue. The U.S. trial was paused for nearly seven weeks last fall, in part because AstraZeneca was slow to provide the F.D.A. with evidence that the vaccine had not caused the neurological symptoms. Investigators concluded that the symptoms could not be linked to the vaccine. Still, the delay left AstraZeneca trailing the three authorized manufacturers. Advertisement ",1155,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886329022,2021-03-23 07:00:03,"Biden needs ‘clean break’ on antitrust after FTC’s Google failure, activists say",https://www.politico.com/news/2021/03/23/biden-antitrust-ftc-google-477581,en,False,,18268,Politico,https://www.politico.com/,"The groups accused Washington’s Obama-era antitrust enforcers of displaying poor judgment and failing to grasp the threat that the search giant posed to competition. 
The Department of Justice building on January 11, 2021 in Washington, DC. | Stefani Reynolds/Getty Images 03/23/2021 07:00 AM EDT Link Copied Nearly 30 progressive groups urged President Joe Biden on Tuesday to nominate aggressive antitrust enforcers for key posts in the Federal Trade Commission and the Justice Department, saying he should “make a clean break from past leadership” of the tech-friendly Obama administration. Link Copied  © 2021 POLITICO LLC ",96,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886327258,2021-03-23 08:51:45,MIT Researchers Estimate The Value Of Domain Name System (DNS) At $8 Billion,https://www.forbes.com/sites/roslynlayton/2021/03/23/mit-researchers-estimate-the-value-of-domain-name-system-dns-at-8-billion/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"In the last 10 years, the number of generic Top Level Domains (TLDs) has expanded significantly from a handful of suffixes (.com for commercial, .org for organization, .edu for education, .gov for US government, and .mil for US military) to nearly 1200. Including country code TLDs (.EU etc), this makes about 1500 TLDs. This evolution has given firms more flexibility beyond .com to register their online business addresses and may even offer additional marketing value with suffixes like .baby, .cafe, and so on. The importance and relevance of DNS The authors observe that the intellectual property associated with domain names and the value of DNS itself as embedded, reliable infrastructure. However, changing behavior is reducing the value and function of DNS by separating names from addresses. Search engines, content delivery networks, and digital object identifiers obviate the user’s need to access DNS. As users spend more time on mobile apps, the DNS might not be used at all.  Policy questions in DNS governance The paper explores complex questions of market power, governance, regulatory oversight, and ecosystem fragmentation. Few consumers realize it, but price controls have been in place to enable easy and low-cost switching from registry to another (from .com to .org for example), similar to number portability. However companies like GoDaddy and Network Solutions are not price regulated and can easily raise prices for domain names without losing customers. If a business must have a certain domain name, they will likely purchase it and/or renew it whether the price is $10 or $100. There is a secondary market of existing domain names in which speculators or “domainers” who purchase desirable domain names with the hope of “flipping” them for a higher price. The paper cites a first-of-its kind study of the secondary market by the Boston Consulting Group (BCG) which estimates that 18% of .com domain names are currently registered exclusively for resale by domainers with the average price of $1660 in 2020. These domain names are withheld from availability to the general public prices and therefore from productive use.  Moreover, domain name buyers in this market experience not just price shocks (BCG estimates that the prices are 150 to 200 times the customary registrar prices), but potential abuse of brand, copyright, trademark, and keywords.  The MIT authors suggest that this is not necessarily added value in the economy. The lack of transparency in the secondary market is additionally problematic in that governance actors can’t necessarily anticipate or monitor abuse.   ",415,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886314185,2021-03-23 08:00:00,11 Ultra-Cool Gadgets That Will Transform Your Bathroom Into the Smartest Space in the House,https://news.yahoo.com/11-ultra-cool-gadgets-transform-120000123.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"From a do-it-all mirror to a self-cleaning toilet, these high-tech gizmos will do the work for you “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean Billie gave roaring '20s glamour with a touch of her trademark edge, layering a lace-trimmed ivory bustier over a sheer top embroidered with the Gucci G logo. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. ABC's Jonathan Karl predicts the House select 6 committee investigating the Jan. 6 attack will be looking to get hold of this next. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Chelsea Clinton was congratulated by her parents, former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, at the finish line Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? A look for the history books. Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. The investigation is laying bare the extent of the conspiracy to derail the Trump campaign and thwart his presidency. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family “Some describe true friends as choosing your own family. I say it’s more like choosing your own army.” Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? ",442,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886311485,2021-03-23 08:51:41,The first-ever tweet sold as an NFT for $2.9 million,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/UzpnZi6QaIg/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886329016,2021-03-23 08:41:54,Democrats push for gun reforms after second high-profile mass shooting in a week,https://www.politico.com/news/2021/03/23/democrats-gun-reforms-mass-shooting-477615,en,False,,18268,Politico,https://www.politico.com/,"The president also urged the Senate to take up a pair of gun reform bills recently passed by the House. 03/23/2021 08:41 AM EDT Link Copied President Joe Biden on Tuesday called for a federal assault weapons ban and strengthened background checks for firearms sales in the aftermath of a deadly supermarket shooting in Boulder, Colo. — hoisting the contentious issue of gun reform among the White House’s top legislative priorities. In remarks delivered from the State Dining Room of the executive mansion, Biden demanded that the Senate quickly take action on two bills passed earlier this month by the House, which would expand background checks and close the so-called “Charleston loophole” for gun sales. But the president went further, arguing for a sweeping prohibition on assault rifles and high-capacity magazines — a ban akin to one he helped negotiate as chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee more than two-and-a-half decades ago. That 10-year moratorium expired in 2004. “While we’re still waiting for more information” about the suspected Boulder gunman, Biden said, “I don’t need to wait another minute, let alone an hour, to take common-sense steps that will save lives in the future, and to urge my colleagues in the House and Senate to act.” “We can ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines in this country once again,” he said. “I got that done when I was a senator. It passed. It was the law for the longest time. And it brought down these mass killings. We should do it again.” “The victims and the survivors of these tragedies are always going to have my thoughts. They’re always going to have my prayers. But my job is to make laws,” Rep. Jason Crow (D-Colo.) told CNN of the rampage at a crowded King Soopers grocery store Monday afternoon — which killed 10 people, including the first police officer to arrive on the scene. The necessary response from congressional lawmakers and other federal officials “isn’t rocket science,” Crow said. “We actually know exactly what we need to do. We have been studying this for a long time. There are common-sense laws and legislation that we can pass that will help make our communities safer. We just have to get them done. It’s that simple,” he said. On Tuesday, Crow argued that the onus was now “on the Senate” to approve those measures and send them to the White House. “We passed some common-sense legislation in the House. President Biden has said he’s looking for common-sense legislation. There are things that he’d be willing to sign into law today if it was put on his desk. It’s sitting in the Senate,” he said. Cedric Richmond, a senior adviser to the president and director of the White House Office of Public Engagement, also addressed the Boulder shooting, telling MSNBC that “the regular sentiment of ‘hearts and prayers’ are not enough” and referring to the two House-passed gun reform bills as “just a step.” “The good news is that this president has a track record of fighting against the NRA and beating them,” Richmond said. “And we need to make sure that we have sensible gun regulations in this country to ensure safety. And so we need action, not just words and prayers.” Vice President Kamala Harris described the violence in Boulder as “absolutely baffling” during a swearing-in ceremony for CIA Director William Burns. “It’s tragic. It’s 10 people going about their day, living their lives, not bothering anybody. A police officer who is performing his duties, and with great courage and heroism,” she said. Justice Department spokesperson Anthony Coley said in a statement that Attorney General Merrick Garland “is actively monitoring the situation” in Boulder after being briefed again on the shooting Tuesday morning, and that the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives is “continue to assist local authorities in Colorado.”  “The Department of Justice expresses its deepest sympathies to the families of all of those who lost their lives in this heinous attack, including the family of Boulder Police Officer Eric Talley,” Coley said. Biden also ordered that flags at the White House be flown at half-staff. He had previously ordered last week that U.S. flags on all government grounds be lowered until Monday in honor of the victims of the Atlanta-area shooting. “We cannot seem to finish grieving one tragedy before another takes place,” Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) said in a floor speech, vowing to bring the House’s universal background checks bill for a vote. At a news conference Tuesday morning, Boulder Police Chief Maris Herold said the 10 victims had been identified and their next of kin notified. She read aloud their names: Denny Stong, 20; Neven Stanisick, 23; Rikki Olds, 25; Tralona Bartkowiak, 49; Suzanne Fountain, 59; Teri Leiker, 51; Eric Talley, 51, the first responding officer; Kevin Mahoney, 61; Lynn Murray, 62; and Jody Waters, 65. Herold also identified the suspect in custody as 21-year-old Ahmad Al Aliwi Alissa and said he had been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder. The suspect, injured in a firefight with police Monday, is being treated at a local hospital and is expected to be transported to the county jail later Tuesday. Law enforcement said the motive for the shooting was still unknown. “This has been a painful year. And we sit here once again surrounded by seemingly incomprehensible, senseless loss,” Colorado Gov. Jared Polis said at the briefing. “This is a pain that we need to sit with. We can’t let ourselves ever become numb to the pain, because we simply can’t let this be accepted as anything close to a normal occurrence.”  Rep. Joe Neguse (D-Colo.), whose district includes Boulder and the King Soopers where the killings occurred, told reporters that while “there’s a lot still unfolding” as the investigation gets underway, “this cannot be our new normal. We should be able to feel safe in our grocery stores. We should be able to feel safe in our schools, in our movie theaters and in our communities. We need to see a change, because we have lost far too many lives.” The violence in Boulder came after a relative dearth of mass shootings over the past year amid the coronavirus pandemic. But the killings also represent just the latest in a long line of high-profile shootings to have taken place in Colorado in recent years. Crow, whose district encompasses many of Denver’s eastern suburbs, noted Tuesday that he “represents a community that has seen multiple mass shootings” — including those at Columbine High School in 1999, an Aurora movie theater in 2012 and STEM School Highlands Ranch in 2019. “When people think about these places and say those names, they think of those shootings,” Crow said. “I think of those families, those kids, the faces of the parents that I have to console, that I’m going to have to talk to today about this issue. This is a trauma that our community, my community continues to experience. And every time this happens, we get retraumatized. Enough is enough.” On Monday night, both of Colorado’s U.S. senators issued statements calling for a congressional response to the Boulder shooting. Sen. Michael Bennet (D-Colo.) said “there are steps that the overwhelming majority of Americans want us to take,” and Sen. John Hickenlooper (D-Colo.) tweeted: “We need federal action. Now.” Then-Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) never advanced that measure. But since the 2020 election, with the White House and the Senate now in Democratic control, reform advocates are hopeful that Congress can finally pass comprehensive solutions to what they characterize as a uniquely American epidemic of gun violence. Even with a Democratic majority, however, Senate consideration of the House gun reform bills will certainly be complicated by the chamber’s 60-vote filibuster rule, which Biden has shown greater openness to revising in recent weeks as he moves to enact his agenda. Biden, who headed the Obama administration’s ultimately unsuccessful gun task force in the wake of Sandy Hook, has repeatedly boasted about his ability to take on the National Rifle Association and win. Indeed, as the Senate Judiciary Committee chairman, he helped author the Federal Assault Weapons Ban in the 1994 crime bill. The crime bill’s ban outlawed the manufacture, transfer and possession of 19 types of military-style assault weapons and expired in 2004 in accordance with its 10-year sunset provision. The ban applied only to firearms manufactured after the measure’s enactment. Although there is no technical definition of assault weapons, the ban construed the term “semiautomatic assault weapon” to cover 19 specific firearms and copies of those weapons — including AK-47s, Colt AR-15s, TEC-9s and Uzis. The ban also outlawed certain semi-automatic pistols, rifles and shotguns equipped with at least two enhancements from a specified list, as well as new large-capacity ammunition magazines. Link Copied  © 2021 POLITICO LLC ",1478,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886328997,2021-03-23 08:59:29.196742,NIH casts doubt on AstraZeneca's vaccine data,https://www.politico.eu/article/us-health-agency-casts-doubt-on-oxford-astrazeneca-vaccine-data/,en,False,,18268,Politico,https://www.politico.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886327256,2021-03-23 08:53:29,4 Unconventional Ways To Close A Sale Every Time,https://www.forbes.com/sites/stephanieburns/2021/03/23/4-unconventional-ways-to-close-a-sale-every-time/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Closing a sale is always a challenge, and everywhere you look, you can see several strategies playing out. A prevalent strategy these days is cutting to the chase on social media – trying to sell products, services, or courses within first meeting.  Whether you’re selling calligraphy or group coaching, your first step is to use social media to find potential clients. “Social media is great for reaching a significant number of people,” says Schulman. “But once you’re ready to move someone closer to a sale, make your outreach as high-touch as possible.” Use one (or more) of the following methods to personalize your message all the way to a profit. 4 Unconventional Ways To Close A Sale Every Time | Stephanie Burns 1. Send Engaging Emails 2. Use Persuasive Phone And Zoom Calls “People are starving for connection and our phones are the most powerful tools we have for that,” says Schulman. She encourages her clients to schedule phone and video calls to close sales for selling art whenever possible. One of her clients followed her advice to move a prospect from the dm’s to the phone and immediately sold a $575 painting and entered a contract for a $2,700 commission. “When in-person is just not possible, getting as close to that experience as possible is the fastest way to build trust.”  3. Deliver Video Messages  “When they see your face, it can make all the difference,” says Schulman, who regularly closes $7,000 coaching packages thanks to Loom videos that she sends. Schulman has found that using the screen plus camera feature of Loom allows her prospects to see her face while she visits their website while she explains how she can help them.  There’s one place that has no spam filter and that’s the mailbox right outside your front door. When you’ve identified your hottest leads for a product or service, traditional mail is by far the most effective way to put a message in front of your potential prospect. People love the sensory experience of holding something physical in their hands and usually they will spend more time looking at a message in printed form than the fly by scroll experience of the internet.  Schulman has effectively used physical sales letters to close thousands of dollars in art classes. For years, she relied on humble postcards for years to invite collectors to her art shows. Once she started teaching art online, she turned to the postcard as “save the date” reminders to increase her webinar show up rate. Although it’s slightly more expensive, your printed postcard will get more attention if you put it in an envelope. This also allows you to use both sides of the postcard for your message and graphics. Another trick is to send a multi-page booklet. The traditional long form sales letter was the backbone of the direct response mail business for decades. “When you’ve spent time investing in a beautiful sales page for a high end service, why not repurpose that content into printed form? The only design change you’ll need to make is omitting ‘buttons’ and making sure your sales URL is clearly printed on the bottom of each page,” explains Schulman. You can produce a multi-page booklet for just a few dollars each. As it turns out, what’s old isn’t just new again, it’s also incredibly effective again. ",560,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886319155,2021-03-23 08:30:00,5 Growing Renewable Energy Stocks That Have Dropped Sharply,https://www.barrons.com/articles/5-growing-renewable-energy-stocks-that-have-dropped-sharply-51616454817?siteid=yhoof2&yptr=yahoo,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,"Meanwhile, here are some important items you'll want to know: ",11,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886311456,2021-03-23 09:05:30,Colorado congressman calls for federal action on gun legislation in wake of Boulder mass shooting,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/bAwiEuZvuSg/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,"CNN's Madeline Holcombe, Jessica Dean, Ali Zaslav and Daniella Diaz contributed to this report. ",15,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886334608,2021-03-23 08:00:01,QAnon now pushes alarming conspiracy myths targeting China and Jewish people,https://news.yahoo.com/qanon-now-pushes-alarming-conspiracy-120001897.html,en,True,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"It marks a shift from the wild lies the movement spread before the election and in subsequent efforts to keep former President Trump in office, even after he lost to Joe Biden. Finkelstein and others said the switch, and the emphasis on suspicion toward Asians and Jews, could lead to more violence. ""That is what I worry about,"" said Cynthia Miller-Idriss, a professor at American University in Washington, D.C., who runs the Polarization and Extremism Research & Innovation Lab. ""Individuals who are either unstable or have been really radicalized during a long pandemic."" At the start of the virus shutdowns, said Finkelstein, much of the racially charged conspiracy dialogue centered around the virus originating in China and included ""disgust"" toward Asians, with leaders including Trump insisting on labeling it as the ""kung flu"" or ""Chinese flu."" Since the election, the anti-Asian sentiment has shifted to anxiety about worldwide dominance, specifically a communist overthrow of governments backed by Jewish people who control wealth. President Biden is seen as a pawn of these elites. ""The latest round seems to be motivated by the political dominance stuff,"" Finkelstein said. ""There is a huge component of this that China is taking over."" More broadly, extremist specialists say QAnon is seeking to maintain relevance by swallowing other conspiracy movements. ""They are unifying under a giant umbrella of a common enemy. Sometimes it’s the Jews. Occasionally it’s the Asians, usually it’s the government,"" Finkelstein said. ""What is happening is they are fishing for different issues to cause violence with."" Following the November election, Finkelstein, Miller-Idriss and other extremism trackers noticed a shift in memes and codes words used by conspiracy peddlers. They appeared to be seizing upon a decades-old fear that tumultuous events in people's lives — such as the pandemic and its subsequent lockdowns — are part of a master plan to subjugate the masses and replace legal norms with the totalitarian rule of a select few. Those who study extremism said the transition by QAnon story peddlers is expected, but also signals that lies, racism and propaganda in American politics will continue to have staying power. It is a ""large tent of distrust of government and authority"" that allows for ""a variety of followers who oftentimes have general fears and grievances but not necessarily more specific types of commonalities,"" said Brian Levin, professor of criminal justice and director of the Center for the Study of Hate & Extremism at Cal State San Bernardino. ""It really creates an attractive opportunity for extremists to ensconce themselves into divisive, emotionally charged issues where they can focus on the grievances and the villain and not necessarily their own baggage,"" Levin said. ""QAnon is like a newt's tail. It can constantly reconstitute itself."" The QAnon reboot is ""new words for old terms that have existed for quite a long time,"" said Jason Blazakis, professor at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies and director of its Center on Terrorism, Extremism and Counterterrorism. Globalist paranoia dates back to the 1960s and is built upon anti-Semitic ideas that go back centuries. The web of conspiracies gained popularity in the 1990s after then-President George H.W. Bush used ""new world order"" in a speech about the fall of Soviet communism, fueling anxiety about government overreach, a loss of liberty and gun rights. Where once conspiracy theorists looked to Russia as the enemy, they were suddenly left without a malefactor. They filled that void with an evil global cabal, Levin said. Those fears of dark forces acting just out of sight were recycled in QAnon conspiracies from its start in 2017, when an anonymous poster known as Q began offering cryptic messages about secretive government operatives working against Trump. But QAnon quickly spun into the specific and fantastical, with the new world order ideas pushed to its outskirts. Levin said conspiratorial politics are growing not just at the national level, but in state and local issues as well. Finkelstein's group recently found that Southern California is ""the hottest of hot spots,"" when it comes to such conspiracy. In late January, when protesters shut down the vaccine site at Dodger Stadium, his research team tracked a surge in online new world order activity, including posts tagged with #greatreset, #scamdemic and #agenda21, a theory based on a 1990s United Nations resolution that some consider proof of a plot to depopulate the Earth. ""Where the Black Lives Matter protesters showed up, the quarantine became sort of a counter-cause,"" he said. ""This idea that 'we are the ones being victimized.'"" Mia Bloom, professor of Communication at Georgia State University and an expert on QAnon, also pointed out that Southern California is a hotbed of wellness culture, where anti-vaccine sentiment has found a foothold. Last summer, conspiracy theories jumped to Instagram, she said, where women previously more interested in lifestyle content were drawn in, creating an unlikely bridge between liberal and conservative movements. Levin, Blazakis and others said regardless of why they took hold, new world order theories will likely play a role if the state holds a recall election for Gov. Gavin Newsom this fall. Newsom is already being featured in recall-related memes that portray him as ""puppet"" of the Chinese Communist Party and complicit in the global takeover. At rallies, he has been portrayed as Hitler and called a tyrant. Recall supporters have posted on Twitter with hashtags such as #nwo, #trumpsarmy and #Agenda21 among others. Another recall meme posted online showed Newsom with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-San Francisco) with ""Nuclear Powered Satan,"" written below them. A commenter on an official recall Facebook page called Newsom an ""idiot communist,"" and a recall founder recently posted about ""Beijing Biden."" A recent analysis of articles by the Network Contagion Research Institute about the California recall for a six-month period from September through March found about 800 articles from just more than 300 sources. Of those sources, 177, or 57%, were classified as disinformation sites or uncategorized. That designation, said researcher Lea Marchl, usually means they cannot be trusted. Similar numbers held true when it came to videos about the recall. ""What’s driving the recall is not merely an honest difference on policy but something that is framed in a deeper and more dark matter,"" Levin said. ""I'm concerned that people with legitimate, fact-based reasons for wanting to recall the governor are now mixed into those whose currency also is aggression and conspiracy and that is a problem because each feed on each other."" That propaganda is dangerous, not just in California but across the country, Miller-Idriss said. Aside from the Capitol insurrection in January, QAnon believers have been implicated in more than a dozen acts of violence across the United States, and hate crimes against Asian Americans have surged. As virus restrictions ease, the pent-up vitriol of online politics will likely spill elsewhere. ""It's not just a prospect,"" said Miller-Idriss. ""It's a reality."" “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean Billie gave roaring '20s glamour with a touch of her trademark edge, layering a lace-trimmed ivory bustier over a sheer top embroidered with the Gucci G logo. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. ABC's Jonathan Karl predicts the House select 6 committee investigating the Jan. 6 attack will be looking to get hold of this next. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Chelsea Clinton was congratulated by her parents, former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, at the finish line Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. A look for the history books. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. The investigation is laying bare the extent of the conspiracy to derail the Trump campaign and thwart his presidency. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family “Some describe true friends as choosing your own family. I say it’s more like choosing your own army.” Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? ",1569,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886334382,2021-03-23 12:46:09,"21 Kenan Thompson ""SNL"" Skits That'll Having You Joyfully Singing ""What's Up With That?""",https://www.buzzfeed.com/staceynguyen16/best-kenan-thompson-snl-sketches,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"He really is ""All That!"" BuzzFeed Contributor Here's him as Pierre Escargot — c'est magnifique! J.Lo and Jason Sudeikis's office flirting takes a strange turn when we learn that she's *really* into puppets. Kenan's (hilariously) there to set the mood with his glittery blue suit and purple ambiance lighting, but even he's weirded out by her obsession. Kenan dresses up as a fancy lobster who sings about his cruel diner fate... Need we say more? Kenan, Aidy Bryant, and John Cena play employees at an erotic bookstore who act out the scandalous bodice rippers that they sell. It is all truly ridiculous! Kenan and Scarlett Johansson, the duo we never knew we needed, pay tribute to their late friend David, reminding his funeral attendees that he was more than just a dentist. He also turned out to be a songwriter for club bangers with profound lyrics such as ""here is my butt."" Kenan portrays Al Sharpton across from the actual Al Sharpton phenomenally — or ""phantomnominally,"" as he would say! Kenan, Chris Redd, and Chance the Rapper join forces to sing a throwback R&B ballad. They want someone back and that person is...Barack Obama. Kenan breaking the fourth wall in this song is a gift, and Chris's ""I'd vote for Joe Biden"" throwaway line is spooky because this dropped in 2017. Kenan, Ego Nwodim, Punkie Johnson, and Chris Redd stroll to the polls, but John Mulaney tries to keep them out for decades. This skit offers sharp commentary about voter suppression with humor and funk. This sketch was cut for time, but Kenan and Eddie Murphy's chemistry is too impeccable not to mention. Basically, they play bandmates who get a little overly TMI with the audience during a holiday gig. Well, this ridiculous digital short with Kenan as Reba McEntire technically has that storytelling element that's often talked about in country music. Who's perfect enough to get onto Santa's list these days? If you find yourself cast out by Santa Claus, Sump'n Claus still has something for those on the naughty list. Kenan's LaVar Ball is so unhinged that he's already had 10 shots of each vaccine. Plus, he's convinced that his son is going to crush the NBA season and unite both North and South Carolina into a Super Carolina called Carolosus. It's a Kenan and Chris Redd sketch! Chris is a gangster trying to set up a mutiny against Kenan, the boss, but he doesn't exactly have the required skill set to do so. Which will definitely be soon. Get all the best moments in pop culture & entertainment delivered to your inbox. ",436,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886329009,2021-03-23 04:30:48,Drugmakers prepare for the unusual: A defeat in Washington,https://www.politico.com/news/2021/03/23/drugmakers-brace-for-washington-loss-477517,en,False,,18268,Politico,https://www.politico.com/,"Democrats' next big bill could include drug price negotiations and other industry curbs. Pharma may not be able to fight it off this time.  
One of the pharmaceutical industry’s most vocal critics, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), abruptly scheduled the first hearing on drug prices in the new Congress for Tuesday. | Stefani Reynolds/The New York Times via AP, Pool 03/23/2021 04:30 AM EDT Link Copied Democratic lawmakers are weighing whether to include drug pricing measures that could extract tens of billions of dollars from the industry, or potentially more, to help pay for a massive infrastructure bill they could try to pass along party lines this summer. A renewed debate over whether to allow the government to negotiate drug prices, which is strongly opposed by pharma and Republican lawmakers, could become a watershed moment for an industry that’s unaccustomed to losing — and survived the Trump era largely unscathed, even as the previous president found rare common ground with Democrats in bashing high drug prices. But those with knowledge of initial discussions told POLITICO that Democratic lawmakers appear intent on using their razor-thin congressional majorities to finally push through a drug pricing overhaul for at least one simple reason: It’s one of the few issues under consideration that would save money in a sprawling package expected to cost trillions. “The huge difference between drug prices and literally everything else out there: Everything else costs money, and this one saves money,” said Alex Lawson, executive director of Social Security Works, whose group is in close contact with congressional staffers on drug pricing. The hearing announcement jolted some pharma lobbyists, who told POLITICO it signaled the industry could become the “piggy bank” for the infrastructure bill. It also underscored the challenge the industry faces in trying to use the pandemic to alter its perception from price-gougers to world-savers. “Something is coming. We’re just not sure when,” said one drug industry lobbying source. Democratic leaders are widely expected to advance the infrastructure package using a budget maneuver known as reconciliation, which would allow them to pass it with simple majorities in both chambers. That could let them tack on party priorities on health care, climate change and other policies that could otherwise fall victim to the Senate filibuster. Some drug industry lobbyists told POLITICO they believe that enough Senate moderates may have reservations about the House bill and the way it would, for example, limit the maximum negotiated price to what’s paid for the drug in other developed countries. Those lobbyists also believe the industry’s hand has been strengthened by the rapid development of Covid-19 vaccines that can bring the pandemic under control. “I think getting moderate Senate Democrats on board for H.R. 3 is going to be a challenge, and I think there’s a lot of salient points attacking that policy around cures and the investments in the Covid vaccines, which have been shown to be effective,” said one health care lobbyist who’s been closely tracking Capitol Hill talks. 
President Joe Biden, who campaigned on drug pricing negotiations, hasn’t said yet whether the House’s negotiation measure should be included in the infrastructure package. | AP Photo/Andrew Harnik House Democrats approved their negotiation bill in the previous Congress, but it never came up for a vote in the Senate, which at the time was controlled by Republicans. Senate Democrats haven’t indicated whether they support including the negotiation measure in the infrastructure package, but it would come with attractive savings: $456 billion over a decade, according to the Congressional Budget Office. Democratic leaders aren’t yet saying much publicly about their strategy for drug pricing, which aides and lobbyists said were in early phases. A senior Democratic aide in a statement called negotiations a “top priority” for this Congress. Drugmakers are also holding their fire. Brian Newell, spokesperson for drug lobbying giant PhRMA, said the group is “ready to work with policymakers” to lower what patients pay out of pocket for drugs and “protect access to medicines and preserve future innovation” — nodding to industry arguments that government negotiations would result in drugs being withheld from patients and shrunken investments in research and development. It's not that the industry likes the measure — and many Republicans have compared its central provision targeting price increases to “price controls” that are anathema to conservative orthodoxy. But it would mean a significantly smaller dent to industry profits. The Medicare restrictions on price hikes would save the federal government about $50 billion, just a fraction of savings from the House’s negotiation bill. Democratic leaders meanwhile will face pressure from the party’s progressive wing, who will push for the infrastructure bill to include their priorities after the $15 minimum wage was dropped from the recent stimulus package. Rep. Pramila Jayapal (D-Wash.), chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, has said any drug pricing legislation should be more aggressive than H.R. 3, which didn’t extend the price hike protections to private health insurance. “The ultimate goal is that no American should pay more for their drugs than anyone else in any other country,” Jayapal said last month. 
Rep. Pramila Jayapal (D-Wash.), chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, has said any drug pricing legislation should be more aggressive than H.R. 3, which didn’t extend the price hike protections to private health insurance. | Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Progressives could find new support from major employer groups that have historically been wary of price controls but are increasingly fed up with shouldering high health care costs. One of those groups, the Purchaser Business Group on Health, which represents large companies including Walmart and Boeing, said it’s in discussions to support a negotiation bill if it includes limits on price hikes for private health plans. Wyden last week told reporters the House bill and his own are Democrats’ starting point for drug pricing legislation in this Congress. While he called the House measure’s negotiation provision “urgent business,” Wyden’s legislation is seen as more acceptable to Democratic moderates wary of negotiations. In a Senate split 50-50, the threat of a single defection from a Democratic moderate could force the party to narrow its drug pricing ambitions. Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.), who’s emerged as a power broker for moderates, has co-sponsored legislation that would allow Medicare to negotiate prices. However, he hasn’t indicated whether he would support including drug price negotiations in the infrastructure package. Link Copied  © 2021 POLITICO LLC ",1066,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886327253,2021-03-23 08:54:17,"What We Know About Eric Talley, The Officer Killed In The Colorado Mass Shooting",https://www.forbes.com/sites/jemimamcevoy/2021/03/23/first-on-the-scene-a-father-of-seven-heres-what-we-know-about-the-officer-killed-in-the-colorado-mass-shooting/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Among the 10 people killed by a gunman at a grocery store in Boulder, Colorado on Monday night was Eric Talley, an 11-year veteran of the Boulder Police Department who was the first officer on the scene responding to the mass shooting—here’s what we know about him so far.  He was the first officer to rush to to the scene when the department was alerted to a “possible person with a patrol rifle” at the King Soopers grocery store, and was fatally shot along with nine other people whose names have not yet been made public, Herold said, labeling Talley’s actions “heroic.”  According to his father, Talley had recently begun looking into becoming a drone operator because he believed it to be a safer role.  Talley is survived by his wife and his seven children, the oldest of whom is 20-years-old, his father told KUSA.  “My heart goes out to Eric Talley’s family, his loved ones and his colleagues,” Boulder District Attorney Michael Dougherty said. “He was, by all accounts, one of the outstanding officers of the Boulder Police Department, and his life was cut far too short, as he responded to the shooting that was taking place at King Soopers.”  ",203,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886336246,2021-03-23 09:00:44,Former Trump DHS chief Chad Wolf starts consulting firm,https://www.politico.com/news/2021/03/23/chad-wolf-consulting-firm-477605,en,False,,18268,Politico,https://www.politico.com/,"Other former senior Homeland Security officials will be part of Wolf Global Advisors. 
Former DHS chief Chad Wolf is starting a new firm called Wolf Global Advisors. | Greg Nash/Pool Photo via AP, File 03/23/2021 09:00 AM EDT Link Copied Chad Wolf, the former acting secretary of Homeland Security in the Trump administration, is launching a consulting firm to provide companies, NGOs and government agencies with advice on homeland and national security matters. The new firm is called Wolf Global Advisors, and Wolf is launching it with three former other senior Trump DHS officials: former acting chief of staff Scott Erickson, former deputy chief of staff Tyler Houlton and legislative affairs director Beth Spivey. “During my time at DHS, I came to know and came to realize that a number of organizations, whether they’re companies or non-profits really struggle with assessing risk and security issues facing their respective organizations,” Wolf said in an interview. “Others want to better understand the department, whether they’re regulated by the department, or perhaps they have technology or services to help the department better fulfill their mission.” Wolf said he already has a few clients signed up, but declined to name them unless one of the principals at the firm has to register as a lobbyist for them. He said he could potentially work with foreign governments as well, but won’t do any work that would require him or his firm to register under the Foreign Agents Registration Act at this time. Wolf worked as a lobbyist before joining the Trump administration, and was closely involved in some of its most controversial initiatives, including its separation of migrant families along the U.S.-Mexico border and its handling of the Black Lives Matter protests. President Donald Trump nominated him to be permanent secretary of DHS toward the end of his term. “My passion continues to be to help the department accomplish their mission, and at the same time, helping the private sector and companies or nonprofits engage with them,” Wolf said. “So I really felt like that was where my interests lied right now so I wanted to explore that.” Wolf, who drew fire for DHS’ role in the Portland courthouse protests last summer, is also a visiting fellow at the conservative Heritage Foundation, where he writes about immigration, border security, China and cybersecurity. Wolf resigned as acting secretary a few days after the Jan. 6 insurrection and mentioned it in his resignation letter, but said he mostly left because of the legal challenges to his authority as acting secretary and also a desire to ensure a clean transition.  He declined to directly comment on how he thinks Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas is doing but in multiple media interviews over the last few weeks, Wolf has been critical of the management of the border crisis. Link Copied  © 2021 POLITICO LLC ",478,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886339198,2021-03-23 05:46:25,Why Analysts See More Upside To Baidu Stock Over The 200% Surge In Past Year,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-analysts-see-more-upside-094625702.html,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,Thank you for your patience. Our engineers are working quickly to resolve the issue. ,15,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886336242,2021-03-23 09:23:59,Fauci: AstraZeneca needs to 'straighten out' vaccine data,https://www.politico.com/news/2021/03/23/fauci-astrazeneca-vaccine-data-477618,en,False,,18268,Politico,https://www.politico.com/,"AstraZeneca said on Tuesday morning that its results were based on an interim analysis of data before Feb. 17, more than a month ago. 03/23/2021 09:23 AM EDT Link Copied Federal health officials are casting doubts about AstraZeneca’s vaccine data just hours after the company announced that its shot is safe and effective, leading the drugmaker to promise updated data within two days. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases said in a rare statement late Monday that its Data and Safety Monitoring Board, the independent panel overseeing coronavirus vaccine trials, that it was concerned AstraZeneca had included “outdated information” in an announcement touting its shot’s 79 percent effectiveness against the virus. The DSMB “wrote a rather harsh note” to AstraZeneca with NIAID Director — and Biden medical adviser — Anthony Fauci copied in, he told POLITICO. “The issue that the DSMB had is straightforward and very simple: The DSMB had data that they know the company had. When they saw the press release, they said, ‘wait a minute — the data in the press release do not reflect the most recent data that we know you have,'"" he said. Fauci also discussed the issue during an appearance Tuesday morning on ""Good Morning America."" The data board felt the data released by AstraZeneca ""might, in fact, be misleading a bit, and wanted them to straighten it out,"" he said.  AstraZeneca said on Tuesday morning that its results were based on an interim analysis of data before Feb. 17, more than a month ago. But the company defended its decision to release those findings, saying that it reviewed a “preliminary assessment” of the final results and found them consistent with the earlier data.  That contradicts the NIAID statement, which implies that data collected after Feb. 17 changed the trial's findings on the vaccine's efficacy.  Fauci oversees the DSMB that assess trials results for AstraZeneca and other vaccine makers; he ratifies the board's decisions but is not involved directly in its assessments. All results will still need to go before the Food and Drug Administration, which authorizes drugs and vaccines for use.  The trial confusion and public reprimand from federal scientists comes after a series of PR blunders that have eroded public confidence in AstraZeneca’s vaccine and aggravated government officials across the world. Thirteen countries in Europe suspended use of the shot after unsubstantiated blood clot concerns this month; meanwhile in the U.S., the authorization timeline has dragged on after the company admitted a dosing mistake in their British trial. AstraZeneca plans to file with FDA by mid-April, but their timeline relies on the DSMB clearing its trial results. Fauci said there is not necessarily a delay to the primarily analysis — the data the DSMB says is actually the most up-to-date — but that "" it’s just data coming in, additional cases coming in."" The drugmaker meanwhile is promising that it can set things right soon. “We will immediately engage with the independent data safety monitoring board (DSMB) to share our primary analysis with the most up to date efficacy data. We intend to issue results of the primary analysis within 48 hours,” AstraZeneca said.  The world is waiting on a coronavirus vaccine. We're tracking the global competition, the research and development, the rollout plan and how effective the vaccine will be. Link Copied  © 2021 POLITICO LLC ",565,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886347020,2021-03-23 09:15:20,The Vatican’s Giant Step Backward on Same-Sex Unions,https://www.newyorker.com/news/daily-comment/the-vaticans-giant-step-backward-on-same-sex-unions,en,False,,1101,New Yorker,http://www.newyorker.com/,"Circumstances don’t diminish either the sting of the document or the Pope’s responsibility for it, however. Although Francis has never supported gay marriage, he has shown a striking openness to same-sex partnerships. Shortly after his election, in 2013, he famously said, of gay priests believed to be in high positions in the Vatican, “If someone is gay and he searches for the Lord and he has good will, who am I to judge?” In 2019, he spoke in support of legal protection for same-sex couples, a remark that came to light through the Vatican-approved film “Francesco,” which tells of him encouraging a gay couple he knows to raise their three children as Catholics in a Rome parish, even as he reminded them that “not all people will share your choice of having a family like that.” (The film will be released online on March 28th.) Neither is it persuasive to suggest that questions involving same-sex unions are specific to Europe and the United States. Francis has stressed that the Church must go to “the margins”—the peripheries—and strive to “accompany” the people it finds there on their spiritual journeys, through a willingness to “encounter” them in their specific personal circumstances. To suggest that questions involving same-sex unions should be downplayed because gay-rights issues are made marginal in societies around the world is to defy Francis’s own logic. Above all, in taking a dismissive tone on questions involving L.G.B.T.Q. people in the Church, the C.D.F. emboldens men in church leadership positions to do likewise. Last Tuesday, Cardinal Timothy Dolan, the Archbishop of New York, devoted a segment of his weekly podcast to the controversy. In a rambling, casual conversation with a monsignor from Long Island, Dolan spoke of the responsum solely as a reaffirmation of the traditional view of marriage. “That ain’t news. . . . That’s as old as the hills,” he said, noting that “the Catholic Church reaffirms the Biblical teaching, as, by the way, the Orthodox Jews, and Muslims, and the evangelicals do.” He added, “I don’t get it,” and bemoaned the sense “that we need to change timeless teaching to ‘keep up’ with the chic cause du jour. . . . Please, change the subject!” At no point did Dolan refer to gay people, much less extend to them the “respect and sensitivity” that the responsum itself calls for. For Dolan, and bishops like him, same-sex issues seem to invite exasperation and contempt. Some prelates did register reservations about the document or sought to soften its language. “The understandable reaction among many to this response will be disappointment,” Cardinal Blase Cupich, of Chicago, said in a statement. “This should prompt us in the Church and in the archdiocese to redouble our efforts to be creative and resilient in finding ways to welcome and encourage all LGBTQ people in our family of faith.” Archbishop Mark Coleridge, of Brisbane, Australia, said, “It’s one thing to say we can’t bless same-sex unions. Well, let’s then commit ourselves to grappling with the question about how else we might include same-sex couples.” Bishop Johan Bonny, of Antwerp, claimed that the reasoning in the document “does not even reach the level of high school.” Bishops in Germany insisted that they will explore the question further. In the United States, meanwhile, ninety-five Catholic institutions and thirteen bishops have lent their support to a public statement that has been in circulation since January, which tells L.G.B.T.Q. youth that “God is on your side.” At the moment, there’s no clear way forward from the current C.D.F. statement. In a previous role at the Vatican, Cardinal Ladaria, the C.D.F. prefect, was tasked with reëvaluating the Church’s old teaching on Limbo, the place (rather than Heaven) where children go if they die unbaptized. The new responsum, in effect, leaves L.G.B.T.Q. Catholics in limbo, trying to make sense of a Church that will not deign to bless their lives. And it suggests that, on matters of marriage and sexuality, Pope Francis’s pontificate, too, is in a kind of limbo—unable to accompany people on the margins, because the Church itself is doing the marginalizing, and stymied by juridical formulas so heartless that the Pope winds up trying to distance himself from them. In a historic meeting in Iraq, the leaders of Catholicism and Shiite Islam urged coexistence among the Abrahamic faiths. Stories of American nuns over the past fifty years highlight an urgent need for change. Journalists describe the challenging process of building a visual story based on the memories of former prisoners. ",753,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886342260,2021-03-23 09:12:31,California's senators ask Biden to ban sale of gas-powered cars,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/8NsJVWAW3Ts/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886335725,2021-03-23 08:21:44,AstraZeneca says data is ‘consistent’ with previous analysis after questions on use of outdated results for COVID-19 vaccine,https://www.nydailynews.com/coronavirus/ny-covid-astra-zeneca-vaccine-20210323-y7qdtyl4jraezordfe67xbvdwm-story.html#ed=rss_www.nydailynews.com/arcio/rss/category/life-style/,en,False,,8,Daily News,http://www.nydailynews.com/," AstraZeneca, the British-Swedish pharmaceutical company hoping to bring its COVID-19 vaccine to the U.S., said Tuesday that the results of a trial here went exactly as planned despite doubts cast by federal health officials on the accuracy of efficacy data.  The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, part of the National Institutes of Health, offered a rare rebuke early Tuesday morning, questioning whether AstraZeneca had used “outdated information” from a clinical trial “which may have provided an incomplete view of the efficacy data.”  A day earlier, the pharmaceutical company crowed that its two-dose vaccine is 79% effective at preventing symptomatic cases of COVID-19, with no reported severe illnesses or hospitalizations among vaccinated volunteers.  “We urge the company to work with the [data and safety monitoring board] to review the efficacy data and ensure the most accurate, up-to-date efficacy data be made public as quickly as possible,” the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases said in a statement.  But AstraZeneca pushed back immediately, saying the data it gathered and then released was a “pre-specified interim analysis with a data cut-off” of Feb. 17.  A preliminary assessment of the analysis released Monday showed that the results were “consistent” with interim analysis, the company said. That analysis will be released within 48 hours.  “This is really what you call an unforced error because the fact is this is very likely a very good vaccine and this kind of thing does, as you say, do nothing but really cast some doubt about the vaccines and maybe contribute to the hesitancy,” Anthony Fauci, President Biden’s chief coronavirus adviser, said Tuesday on ABC’s “Good Morning America.”  If approved in the U.S., AstraZeneca would become the fourth available vaccine in the U.S., joining ones from Moderna, Pfizer and Johnson & Johnson. ",305,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886334373,2021-03-23 13:00:19,"27 Cheap, Fancy Things That’ll Still Live Up To Your Expensive Taste",https://www.buzzfeed.com/kaylasuazo/cheap-fancy-trendy-products,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"Because nothing says, ""hello, I am faaaancy"" like a giant charcuterie board. BuzzFeed Staff We hope you love the products we recommend! All of them were independently selected by our editors. Just so you know, BuzzFeed may collect a share of sales or other compensation from the links on this page if you decide to shop from them. Oh, and FYI — prices are accurate and items in stock as of time of publication. This darling small biz is based out of Lyons, France. You can find tons of other charming bags like hummingbirds, clouds, cherries, and more on their Etsy shop. This gift set includes a 40-oz tea pot, infuser, and two blooming teas. This adorable shop is based out of Warsaw, Poland. This cute small business is based in the United Kingdom and creates stunning handmade resin pieces. Lynn & Gray is a small biz and home-based kitchen in Lancaster, PA creating all natural simple syrups. Psst., they even have cinnamon dolce and other yummy flavors you need to check out stat! The set includes the four bowls and a matching knife set with four utensils.  ",190,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886327246,2021-03-23 09:00:00,How To Develop A Human-Centered Security Program,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinesscouncil/2021/03/23/how-to-develop-a-human-centered-security-program/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty We need to reassess how best to teach people. It’s not enough to make them aware of potential threats — we need to model, encourage and motivate individuals to behave securely. A human-centered security program will consider roles, psychological processes, attitudes and even the method and structure of communication. However, changing behavior in the long term is a complex task. It requires careful planning of an interdisciplinary strategy that caters to specific roles and is backed by solid metrics that demonstrate a return on investment. Establish A Behavioral Baseline Pull in rich datasets and perform statistical analysis, leveraging historic risk assessments, data loss prevention and user behavior analytics. Break your data down by role, department, location and across the entire organization. Before you can design an effective program, you must understand how your workforce is behaving and why. Qualitative information provides valuable insight into patterns of behavior, and it can be gathered in a number of ways. Run focus groups, and critically observe how employees behave. Examine the applicability of policy, processes and systems. Factor in digital and physical environments, too. The aim is to reveal weaknesses in your organization’s current approach to education, training and awareness. With a big picture view of security behavior across the business, you can drill down to a granular level to find where there might be a lack of motivation, where communication is breaking down or where leadership values are not filtering through. Find the areas that require investment and target them. Establishing this behavioral baseline is crucial if you want to measure progress over the long term. Tailored Content And Emotional Engagement Forcing every employee to complete the same training, with no regard for their input or the applicability to their role, is a recipe for disaster. Blaming and shaming can have a deeply negative impact on morale and will not encourage the behavior you want. It’s vital that individuals feel safe to express opinions and concerns and can challenge the status quo of traditional education and training mechanisms. Targeted and tailored content is a vital piece of this puzzle. Every employee faces different security threats, so training should be contextualized to address specific roles. Creating role-based security training programs, executive training for senior leaders and security mentoring schemes leads to far greater levels of engagement than traditional ""blanket"" security training. Training also needs to engage people on an emotional level. It should be stimulating and even entertaining. Gamification is a great way to boost buy-in; you can recast problems as puzzles to be solved, encourage teamwork and competition and motivate with rewards. If people enjoy it, there is a far greater chance it will stick in their minds. Praise the behavior you want to see publicly through internal communication channels. Regularity is crucial, but people only focus effectively for short periods, so security awareness, training and education need to be delivered in short bursts and at frequent intervals. Remember that people have different learning preferences and mediums they respond best to, so deliver bite-sized chunks of visual and audio content. Mix up the delivery, but keep the central branding and messaging consistent, and attach memorable cues like jingles, slogans and phrases. Secure Behavior By Design Redesign the digital infrastructure, the user experience and interfaces that people interact with to guide individuals to behave in a certain way. Security must not add friction to already busy job roles. It should be easy for people to effectively manage threats and report them quickly. A simple button to report a suspected phishing email is a great example. Rather than having to figure out who it needs to be reported to and where they should forward the message, they can just click that button right in the email and it will be investigated. The physical environment can also be redesigned to foster secure behavior. For example, make it easy to shred documents after meetings, and include privacy screens for laptops. Desired behavior can also be encouraged by ""nudges"" to do the right thing — security messages and reminders in public areas, apps that prompt people to complete training modules, visual and audible reminders that direct people to think about what they’re doing. Conscious and subconscious cues can have a profound psychological impact on behavior. Measuring Success Budgets are often cut for traditional security training because they don’t lead to a clear and quantifiable impact. It’s crucial to develop metrics and continuously assess the impact of your human-centered security program. Examine how your initiatives are impacting individual behavior. Look for changes in motivation, proficiency and attitudes. Demonstrate a reduction in the expected losses associated with human error and negligence, factoring in the cost of financial penalties, loss of service and cost to remediate. You can calculate the money you are saving with a reduction in incidents and compare it to the cost of your program to prove it’s worthwhile. We know that people can be influenced and manipulated by attackers, but the same principles can be applied positively by the security function of an organization. Developing a human-centered security program may be the smartest investment you can make for a secure future. ",857,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886327250,2021-03-23 09:00:00,Lessons In Procurement With A Purpose From Australia’s Social Enterprise Pioneers,https://www.forbes.com/sites/sap/2021/03/23/lessons-in-procurement-with-a-purpose-from-australias-social-enterprise-pioneers/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Corporate and government procurement spend with social enterprises like Goodwill Wine takes people off the unemployment line and delivers sustainable community value. “Having been on the receiving end of help for the first time, I decided to do some good with the money that was given to me,” said Laity. “The initial pain you experience pays itself off tenfold once you get established. Most of the world’s problems are created by the relentless pursuit of profits. Strengthen that business focus with a charitable motivation, and you’re helping to create a better world.” Located in Australia’s wine region near Melbourne, Goodwill Wine donates to over 300 charities throughout the country, while generating profits from its wine sourcing and delivery services, and online shop. Half of its workers have been either long-term unemployed or are living with a disability. Through customer donations, its charities serve a range of populations, from serving hot meals to Australians in poverty, to fighting animal cruelty, and providing firefighting gear for volunteer brigades Procurement spend for the greater good of society “Organizations have incredible clout when it comes to which suppliers they choose to do business with,” said Nicole Stevenson, procurement with purpose fellow at SAP ANZ. “In using our internal spend and evolving our supply chain, SAP can help strengthen the Australian economy by doing more business with local social enterprises to make important societal changes.”  Sustainable, diverse business marketplace Social Traders’ marketplace of certified social enterprises spans food services and hospitality, facilities management, manufacturing, packaging, graphic design, IT, and more. Buyers have spent over a quarter of a billion Australian dollars with these suppliers during the past three years. Much more than your average business marketplace, Social Traders is intent on changing people’s lives in an economically sustainable way.  “Social enterprises are like any other business supplier looking for the opportunity to compete, except that they deliver social impact, giving back to the community,” said Mike McKinstry, CEO at Social Traders. “These are very entrepreneurial people and it’s a question of where can they fit into society to add value and generate economic results. “ Money talks, be responsible for your spend Stevenson advised organizations interested in social procurement to take responsibility for the power of their spend with thoughtful decision-making.  “Research every layer of your supply chain to see what steps your suppliers have taken to eliminate slave labor further down in the chain, boost the use of recyclable plastic and other materials, or eliminate the middleman so farmers can receive higher wages,” she said. “Take it step-by-step to explore where you could potentially transform your suppliers in the simplest way, including which ones could become social enterprises.”  Stevenson also suggested that companies engage both employees and customers in social enterprise initiatives. That’s one of the reasons SAP Australia selected a wine company to participate in its procurement with purpose program. “Wine and other beverages are high-visibility products, positioning our social enterprise commitment front and center with employees and customers who visit us in Sydney,” she said. “When our office reopens, we’re looking forward to once again celebrating events in-person at our beautiful bar with wine.” Creating change in Australia  For community-minded entrepreneurs and businesses looking to get involved, Laity advised learning more about social enterprises and their impact.  “Talk to other social enterprises like us and certifying organizations, as well as companies such as SAP. After a slow start we’re now profitable and growing significantly because we help charities,” he said. “Kudos to SAP for their commitment to such a revolutionary initiative that’s building community awareness and attracting other organizations. Social enterprise business is like a family where we all help each other.” ",616,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886327248,2021-03-23 09:00:00,Upper East Side Turns From Glass Boxes To Classic Architecture,https://www.forbes.com/sites/jeffsteele/2021/03/23/upper-east-side-turns-from-glass-boxes-to-classic-architecture/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Is there a Manhattan enclave more synonymous with timeless style and grace than the Upper East Side? Long a bastion of class, distinction and old money, the enclave sets its own tone, forgoing passing fads. Now, the neighborhood is returning to its roots by investing a select few all-new buildings with the time-honored architecture, bespoke detailing and Roaring Twenties Art Deco style that cemented its status a century ago. The Benson “The Benson occupies a prominent site on Madison Avenue amongst many of the great landmarks of the Upper East Side, including the Carlyle Hotel and the Mark,” Pennoyer says. “We wanted the building to both belong to its place by completing the streetscape, and to stand on the sky plane. Our design, which is inspired by the great Art Deco buildings of such celebrated architects as Ely Jacques Kahn and Ralph T. Walker, takes the sweeping vertical folds of the façade all the way to the setback terraces and, at the top, to the decorative tower.  “Anchoring the corners of the top apartments, we placed six-foot-tall lanterns. The key to the design can be found in the carved chamfered corners of the stone, which step up in echelon forms, a classic Art Deco approach. The traditional cast iron railings and mullioned windows add a critical domestic scale to the apartments. [That is] a quality that is largely absent in fully glass and steel buildings.” Limestone transported from the Hoosier State was hand set to create the façade of this building, which takes inspiration from historic and landmarked structures lining nearby streets. A series of arches with green treillage grace the building’s summit, paying homage of sorts to the neighborhood’s storied architectural past.  Beckford House & Tower Designed by Studio Sofield, the two-structure development delivers an exhilarating twist on the glory of pre-war design. The time-honored architectural tradition of hand-laid bricks, Indiana limestone and handcrafted ornamentation is blended with Studio Sofield’s trademark sleek and sexy interiors to create an aesthetic all its own. ",336,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886352896,2021-03-23 08:51:39,"Pension funds have to buy bonds to rebalance portfolios, and that might be good for stocks",https://www.cnbc.com/2021/03/23/pension-funds-have-to-buy-bonds-to-rebalance-portfolios-and-that-might-be-good-for-stocks.html,en,False,,1755,CNBC,http://www.cnbc.com/,"Pension funds and other major investors should be big buyers of bonds during the next week or so, as they rebalance their holdings to make up for the bond market's first quarter sell-off. That could send bond yields lower, at least temporarily. Wells Fargo's Michael Schumacher estimates corporate pension funds will have to make up a gap in bond holdings of about $125 billion, the biggest shortfall in about a decade. Schumacher, director of rates at Wells, said not all of that activity will come before quarter-end, but he expects to see about $25 billion in buying to make up for that gap by March 31. But the stock market has been held hostage recently by rising interest rates, and whenever the yields have stabilized, stocks have done better. As yields slipped Monday, stocks rallied, especially the Nasdaq which has been hurt most by rising yields. ""That's the tug of war that's going on. On the one hand, you know there's stock to sell because of the rebalance, but on the other hand the market has been very, very sensitive to yields that are stable to lower,"" said Julian Emanuel, head of equity and derivatives strategy at BTIG. ""That could be one of the catalysts that break stocks out of the trading range."" Emanuel has said the selling in FANG has been overdone, and he expects growth stocks to benefit from the quarter end decline in rates. ""We are firmly in the camp that despite the fact we think value over growth works in the long term, in the near term, upside is definitely going to be led by a moderation in the decline in bond yields spurring outperformance in large cap tech, specifically FANG,"" he said. Emanuel said the stock market could actually be at an inflection point. ""Between now and the beginning of April, we think the market is going to make its intentions known,"" he said. ""Whether it's broad upside led by the laggards with financials participating or this whole idea of even if bond yields behave that the bloom is off the near term rose for the cyclical value trade,"" he said. ""It could be a substantial movement on the order of 10% one way or the other."" Schumacher said the activity should drive yields lower, at least temporarily. ""We should have yields coming down and a little bit of stabilization for a few weeks, and then I would suspect they'll be back to their old tricks and start climbing again,"" he said. Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. ",480,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886352752,2021-03-23 09:07:05,Trial mixing-and-matching COVID-19 vaccines could be a game-changer,https://www.cbsnews.com/news/covid-vaccine-astrazeneca-pfizer-coronavirus-oxford-trial-mix-and-match/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,"Watch CBSN Live 
 As CBS News correspondent Charlie D'Agata reports, it's the first COVID-19 vaccine trial of its kind, and scientists say the results could revolutionize the future of vaccine distribution while also offering the most powerful weapon yet against emerging coronavirus variants. D'Agata met Reeka Trikha right as she was about to get her first injection as part of the trial. She had no idea what was about to be shot into her arm. ""I'll leave it in the capable hands of the doctors,"" she said as she took the leap of faith.  The scientists behind the Oxford University-led trial are very deliberately mixing things up — testing not just one vaccine but combining doses of two different drugs to see what happens.  Shots are being administered at both four and twelve-week gaps in different trial groups to see what works best. ""With that knowledge, we can have complete confidence that a number of different vaccines can be rolled out and implemented in a population very quickly, very efficiently, without any concern about inadvertent mixing of the combination,"" Professor Paul Heath, Director of the Vaccine Institute at St. George's University of London and the principal investigator at one of the eight trial sites across the U.K., told CBS News.  Evidence from the trial could suggest that not only the Pfizer and AstraZeneca vaccines, but potentially any combination of any COVID-19 vaccines could be safe, and effective at preventing symptomatic infections. That flexibility could go a long way toward easing the inevitable supply issues that are already popping up around the globe. But it could be even better news than that: Heath says that using alternating vaccines between an individual's two doses could actually produce better overall protection against emerging variants of the virus. ""Potentially with a prime boost of different vaccines, the broader response, the broader immune response that ensues will be sufficient to deal with, for example, the South African variant,"" he said, referring to a strain of the virus that has shown some degree of resistance to the current vaccines on offer.  As unpredictable as the virus has been, two challenges ahead are certain: Global shortages will get worse, and the virus will continue to mutate.  The results of the trial in Britain may offer the best hope to address both of those problems. For those who've already had a vaccine, it remains unclear exactly how long the protection will last. If we do all end up needing booster shots, the Oxford research will shed light on whether we may be better off switching up the vaccine the next time around. For Breaking News & Analysis Download the Free CBS News app Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ",461,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886352591,2021-03-23 06:00:32,Letters to the Editor: Ethnic studies will require California's most skilled teachers,http://feeds.latimes.com/~r/latimes/news/education/~3/oHA33fAsUyw/ethnic-studies-california-teachers,en,False,,6,LA Times,http://www.latimes.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886348446,2021-03-23 09:19:47,The Once and Future Fed - And Treasury (Part 1),https://www.forbes.com/sites/rhockett/2021/03/23/the-once-and-future-fedand-treasury-part-1/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"   But first let us start with those modulatory and allocative tasks, as I’ve called them, themselves. What are they? This we must clarify. Then we can turn to the instrumentalities through which we’ve discharged the twinned tasks – Fed and Treasury.    Now here is what Wicksellian bank money has to do with what I am calling both ‘modulation’ and ‘allocation’ …     I think they do. And one reason that we haven’t yet noticed is the legacy of an overdrawn ‘lesson’ drawn during the last Great Depression, eighty years prior to 2008-09.    Well, it’s effectively a story of babies tossed out with bathwater, itself rooted in crude logical fallacy. More on that in the second and final installment of this two-part contribution, tomorrow… ",136,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886347673,2021-03-23 08:34:20,Sesame Workshop Is Talking More Explicitly About Race—and Welcoming Two Black Muppets,https://time.com/5947731/sesame-workshop-black-muppets/,en,False,,4419,Time,http://time.com,"Then he read the rest. “I had to read it over, like, seven different times to make sure that I actually got the part,” he says. “I say yes, and then I realized I didn’t actually type anything so I had to send a second email and say yes and then texted—I was like, ‘Just making sure you know that I accepted this part.'” But while Sesame Workshop has always highlighted the importance of multiculturalism and inclusivity—and featured a racially and ethnically diverse human cast—it’s never really tackled race and racism head-on. In recent years, though, it’s become increasingly apparent how important it is to address these topics in early childhood. Studies have indicated that people can begin recognizing racial difference as infants, but a 2019 study by Sesame Workshop, conducted in partnership with the social-research organization NORC at the University of Chicago, found that many parents rarely or never discuss race or ethnicity with their kids. The decision to give Wes and Elijah a racial identity—and to have them talk about what it’s like to be Black in America—represents a marked shift in approach. “After last summer with the racial unrest that happened and the murder of George Floyd, we collectively as an organization decided that the only way that we could go about dismantling racism was by being bold and explicit,” says Kay Wilson Stallings, the executive vice president of creative and production for Sesame Workshop. “People were working remotely. People were feeling a lot of emotions, and it was almost like everyone had the same realization. If not Sesame, who’s going to address this? It felt like everyone had the same, ‘Yes, we’ve got to do something about it, and the first way to address it is that we need to define racism for 3-year-olds.'” Now it is launching a set of resources it’s calling the ABCs of Racial Literacy, with the aim of giving children, parents and educators the language and tools to talk more openly about race and racism. It is the latest addition to Coming Together, and another sign that the organization is making this subject matter a more integrated part of the programming and curriculum. Jeanette Betancourt, the senior vice president of U.S. social impact for Sesame Workshop, who has worked there nearly 30 years, says it’s a logical step in its evolution. “It’s not necessarily taking a risk but meeting a demand that we know we need to meet,” she says. “I know why, Elmo, my mom and dad told me. It’s because of melanin,” says Wes proudly, before turning to Elijah. “Right, Dad?” Elijah’s response is exactly what anyone familiar with the Sesame Workshop would expect: straightforward, clear and age-appropriate, with no hint of discomfort, no attempt to dodge. “It’s not that it’s different,” says Louis Henry Mitchell, Sesame Workshop’s creative director of character design. “It’s just that now we have an opportunity to turn up the volume of what we’ve already been doing.” The scene also illustrates why it was important for the organization to create a father-son duo: it wanted model conversations between a child and a parent, not just between friends like Elmo and Wes. In the video, Elijah agrees with his son, before diving into an explainer of how melanin determines skin, hair and eye color. “The color of our skin is an important part of who we are, but we should all know that it’s O.K. that we all look different in so very many ways,” he says. “It’s not just that they are Black Muppets; they’re built as a family,” Betancourt says. “There’s a backstory for them and their personalities. What we really look at is, What is the identity of our Muppets? What are their characteristics? What is their personality and their self-identity?” Elijah, for instance, a 35-year-old meteorologist, loves running, being outdoors, watching movies and cooking with his family. Wes, who’s 5, loves going to school and playing pretend with his friends. (Wes’ mom Naomi is currently in development.) “He’s very imaginative, he’s very fun,” Freeman says of Wes. “He’s always trying to help his friends and make sure that they feel safe and that they feel loved and that they can feel strong in their own skin. The more I perform him, the more I get to know him. Sometimes he gets a little lost in his own emotions because he comes from a family that’s very big on communicating how they feel—he’s able to communicate, but he’s also 5 years old. So sometimes things overwhelm him, and he can be angry or sad. So that’s where he really relies on his dad and his friends to make sure that he can come to the best solution possible.” Mitchell, who sketched the new Muppets and cites his own son as an inspiration for Wes, says he didn’t base Elijah on himself but was able to bring “the spirit of fatherhood” to his work. Elijah’s puppeteer, Chris Thomas Hayes, too, has found a connection with the characters. “A lot of the things they wrote, I was looking around, like, ‘Are they watching me?’ Because it says there is a 5-year-old son; I have a 5-year-old son,” he says. “It’s really been a moment of thinking about the conversations and the situations that I’m going to be dealing with my kid being in this world. And that’s something I hope that I bring to the character.” As part of the Coming Together initiative, Elijah and Wes will be joined by 6-year-old Gabrielle and her 8-year-old cousin Tamir, two other Black Muppets who also appeared in earlier broadcasts. (Gabrielle, once known as Segi, went viral about a decade ago singing a song called “I Love My Hair.”) In another new video, the ebullient teal monster Rosita, who has talked frequently about her Mexican identity and expressed her love for her abuela, confides in a friend about a racist incident she experienced while speaking Spanish in a grocery store. “Sometimes people who speak another language get treated unfairly,” her mother tells her, “but it doesn’t mean you have to stop being yourself.” Then they have a conversation about how to handle incidents like that in the future. Other resources, available for free in English and Spanish, include a new song that celebrates unique identities and documentaries about real families who share how identity and race shape their lives. Wilson Stallings says they intend to speak to a wide audience with their racial-justice programming. “There are different approaches and different needs and different ways of bringing in the audience, whether you’re BIPOC or whether you’re not BIPOC,” she says, but they made a conscious decision that this work would focus initially on Black and brown communities, “because those are the folks that are most impacted with systemic racism.” She emphasizes that Sesame Workshop is making a long-term commitment to talking about these issues from all angles. “Multiyear, multiproperty, multiplatform,” says Wilson Stallings. “I’ve planned it out to 2024 for right now.” Hayes, Elijah’s puppeteer, says he is not surprised that Sesame Workshop would move in this direction given its history, and he hopes Wes and Elijah end up on the TV show too. “It is something very special to really come out and go, ‘These characters are African American or Black,'” he says. “I’m so proud of the company, and it makes me want to do all I can to help them do this message. Even though it does ruffle some feathers, it’s for the right reasons, because sometimes we have to ruffle feathers in order to be better than we were yesterday.” This appears in the March 29, 2021 issue of TIME. Correction, March 23 This appears in the March 29, 2021 issue of TIME. ",1290,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886334356,2021-03-23 13:15:10,Let's Give A Round Of Applause To These 17 Female Characters For Being The Best Part Of The Whole Dang Show,https://www.buzzfeed.com/morgansloss1/female-characters-who-carried-the-tv-show,en,False,,6218,Buzzfeed,http://www.buzzfeed.com,"""Breaking news: Wanda Maximoff hospitalized after carrying the entire MCU on her back."" BuzzFeed Staff ""Without her, it would just be Rachel whining about not having enough solos, but Sue made it interesting."" ""She carried that whole damn hospital. She gets the job done and doesn’t take bullshit from anybody."" ""She’s the only character who’s been there from the beginning and is still kicking ass over 20 years later! Her character has grown and developed so much throughout the years, from her being a new detective to becoming a CAPTAIN this last season! I love how unapologetic she is and how she never takes any shit from men who try to bring her down. She also always fights for the victims on the show and battles the patriarchy every day. She’s a total badass, and I really don’t think the show would have lasted this long if it weren't for her character."" ""I love Jane, but Petra is just in a league of her own."" ""She was always innovative and fresh."" ""She was always so strong in the face of danger and saved all her friends multiple times."" ""Annalise 100% carried the show."" ""The amount of times I swore I wouldn't come back to the show with all its high jinks only to return because Annalise KILLS it."" ""Regina's evolution was what kept me there. Wish Lana [Parrilla] would get more work. She was amazing!"" ""She was CONSTANTLY saving Elena, Damon, Jeremy, et al., and she didn’t even get a happy ending."" ""She was so brave and learned to become an independent woman who didn't need a man to make her whole. And she's a badass banshee who could kill anyone with her voice."" ""She has the largest character arc of all the women in the show. She is confident, sexy, funny, and successful. She is a truly good friend to those women. She is who Carrie goes to when she is having an affair with Big. She is who comes to Miranda’s aid when Miranda is struggling as a new mom. She and Charlotte bump heads the most, but they are truly friends and bring out the best in one another."" ""Obv she’s the main character, but so often we get tired of watching the main struggle through situations they’ve usually brought onto themselves. Not with Buffy. Whether she was a superficial, flighty teenager in the earlier seasons or battle-hardened General Buffy in the last season, we watched her learn, grow, and fight — and we never got bored!"" ""She became such an interesting character to watch and was the only good aspect in the later seasons."" ""She had the best storyline (except for the seventh season). And when Rory's personality completely changed, she just stayed exactly the same. She also had the best jokes and one liners."" ""The rest of the cast was great, but she was what gave the show life."" ""Breaking news: Wanda Maximoff hospitalized after carrying the entire MCU on her back."" Note: Some submissions have been edited for length and/or clarity. Get all the best moments in pop culture & entertainment delivered to your inbox. ",522,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886354484,2021-03-23 08:58:55,James Corden Mocks Trump’s Social Media Platform Plans With A Zuckerberg Makeover,https://www.huffpost.com/entry/james-corden-donald-trump-new-social-media-network_n_6059d250c5b6bd9511800ee8,en,False,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"Reporter, HuffPost “The worst part in all of this is he’s already got Mark Zuckerberg’s haircut,” Corden cracked. Check out Corden’s gags from the seven-minute mark here: Reporter, HuffPost ",30,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886348438,2021-03-23 09:20:00,"For The EV Economy, The Devil Is In The Details",https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinesscouncil/2021/03/23/for-the-ev-economy-the-devil-is-in-the-details/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty While big advances have been made in lithium-ion technology, the “it” chemistry platform underlying nearly all things electric, the biggest hurdle to achieving the true goal persists: EV cost parity with internal combustion engine cars. How do we get there? Reaching the next phase of the global electrification movement is certainly achievable, and my time leading a company that creates battery materials for lithium-ion markets has shown me there are a few developments happening in the space to help get us there, including: Currently, massive research is underway across the globe for a battery that offers increased energy without proportionally increased cost to achieve parity with conventional gas-powered vehicles. The reasoning is that current EV drivetrains are about 30% more expensive than internal combustion. Therefore, some companies (my own included) are working to increase energy density at the cell level, which helps reduce the cost of the battery system in terms of dollars per kilowatt hour. By simply swapping out existing anode material, drop-in-ready technologies help control switching costs for manufacturing. They also eliminate the need for what could potentially be multibillion-dollar manufacturing changes across the industry to enable electrification. New and improved anode materials can integrate into existing battery cell manufacturing lines to create better-performing batteries today, with no additional requirements for implementation at the cell level. True drop-in power provides three important characteristics: higher energy density, faster charging and cycle stability. Scalability, however, is still a major challenge to overcome. Over the past several years, I’ve seen many breakthroughs in new battery materials. But many of those have yet to emerge from the lab into meaningful commercial production. As I’ve observed in the renewable energy sector, replicating the same performance at scale can be both daunting and difficult, but doing so is the only way to successfully challenge internal combustion engine performance.  The battery technology that will unlock parity for mass adoption will need to not only deliver the best-performing battery but also be able to be generated in large, industrial volumes without compromising safety, quality and performance. I believe 2021 will be a make-or-break year for many of these emerging technologies, as battery manufacturers and original equipment manufacturers demand verification that these new materials can be swiftly scaled. I predict partnerships and collaborations with national laboratories will also dominate this year, marking the first wave of meaningful production and scale. ",395,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886348432,2021-03-23 09:20:00,Why The ESG Spotlight Should Be On Diversity And Inclusion In 2021,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbestechcouncil/2021/03/23/why-the-esg-spotlight-should-be-on-diversity-and-inclusion-in-2021/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty Following decades of hard-won battles for gender equality and women's economic rights, this is a cycle we can't let slide back. As the leader of a fast-growing SaaS technology company for M&A professionals, I may not have all the answers for how government and business can best rebuild economic competitiveness, but I do know that policies and programs that support gender equality and women's empowerment need to be a central part of the efforts. To build more equitable environments, I believe companies must support: Flexibility The Use Of Family-Friendly Benefits Promoting The Underrepresented Recruiting, Recognizing And Rewarding Diverse Talent Making Diversity And Inclusion A Continuous Process This is a singular moment to be a leader in business. The pandemic has made clear the weaknesses in our systems and institutions, but it also offers a chance for us to step up and shape a more equal future. ",148,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886352893,2021-03-23 07:41:00,"Stocks making the biggest moves in the premarket: AstraZeneca, ViacomCBS, SunRun & more",https://www.cnbc.com/2021/03/23/stocks-making-the-biggest-moves-in-the-premarket-astrazeneca-viacomcbs-sunrun-more.html,en,False,,1755,CNBC,http://www.cnbc.com/,"Take a look at some of the biggest movers in the premarket: Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. ",75,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886348425,2021-03-23 09:21:07,3 Strategies To Get The Global Supply Chain Back In Shape,https://www.forbes.com/sites/sap/2021/03/23/3-strategies-to-get-the-global-supply-chain-back-in-shape/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Home Workouts In the past 12 months I have walked on every road, foot path and bike path within five miles of my house. I’ve even “walked the line” on derelict train tracks! And when it got too cold and dangerous in New England to walk outside I purchased a treadmill that, due to the pandemic and increased demand for home gym equipment, took eight weeks to deliver, and pounded out the miles in my basement. So what have we learned from the challenges that we have faced over the past 12 months? How have supply chains changed in both the short term to address the challenges, and the medium and long term to reduce the risk moving forward?  If we learned nothing else from 2020, it was that business models need to be more resilient and risk averse.  Alternatively, manufacturing could be decoupled, with bulk manufacturing of standard or base products and components being produced offshore, and, balanced with inventory optimization strategies, finishing, customization or final assembly of the finished goods being performed closer to the consumer population. One thing is for sure. Companies operating on the global stage need to be prepared for supply chain disruptions. These disruptions are happening now and will likely become more common moving forward. From trade wars and political unrest to climate change events and the threat of pandemics, change is here to stay. ",232,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886340428,2021-03-23 07:20:01,U.S. backs Philippines in dispute with China over reef,https://news.yahoo.com/u-backs-philippines-dispute-china-112001234.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"The United States said Tuesday it’s backing the Philippines in a new standoff with Beijing in the disputed South China Sea, where Manila has asked a Chinese fishing flotilla to leave a reef. China ignored the call, insisting it owns the offshore territory. [MUSIC PLAYING] “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean Billie gave roaring '20s glamour with a touch of her trademark edge, layering a lace-trimmed ivory bustier over a sheer top embroidered with the Gucci G logo. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. ABC's Jonathan Karl predicts the House select 6 committee investigating the Jan. 6 attack will be looking to get hold of this next. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Chelsea Clinton was congratulated by her parents, former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, at the finish line Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. A look for the history books. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. The investigation is laying bare the extent of the conspiracy to derail the Trump campaign and thwart his presidency. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family “Some describe true friends as choosing your own family. I say it’s more like choosing your own army.” Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? ",470,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886348420,2021-03-23 09:23:12,JPMorgan Chase: The Real Winner Of The Fintech Micro-Bubble,https://www.forbes.com/sites/greatspeculations/2021/03/23/jpmorgan-chase-the-real-winner-of-the-fintech-micro-bubble/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Big Banks Will Win the ""Fintech Revolution"" It Doesn’t Always Pay to Be First As a first mover in facilitating small business transactions, Square has quickly grown its gross payment volume (GPV) from $6.5 billion in 2012 to $113 billion in 2020. However, being first to market and gaining market share doesn’t mean a business can sustain profits. Over the past eight years, Square has only generated positive net operating profit after-tax (NOPAT) once, in 2019. While big banks have undoubtedly observed Square’s rapid GPV growth, they have also noticed its lack of profitability. However, with Square’s revenue doubling in 2020 and reaching 7% of JPMorgan Chase’s 2020 revenue, the market looks sizeable enough for JPMorgan Chase’s entry, and Square’s first mover advantage is all but gone. JPMorgan Chase Beats Square on Day 1 Best of all for customers, JPMorgan Chase is offering free same-day funding on sales made through QuickAccept, something for which Square charges 1.5%. Simply put, from day one, JPMorgan Chase offers a comparable service to a larger number of customers at a lower price. Since Square processed $103.7 billion of payments in 2020, its merchants could save $1.5 billion (1.5% of payments processed) and access their money faster by switching to QuickAccept. Huge Digitally Active User Base Creates Immediate Scale Advantages The firm can continue to expand its digital product offerings and distribute those products immediately to its market-leading customer base with little to no marketing costs. War Chest of Cash Raises Barriers to Entry JPMorgan Chase’s long-standing relationships with a large customer base enables the firm to generate lots of cash, which allows the firm to heavily invest in technology/new products and even afford to give that technology to customers for free. Since 2014, JPMorgan Chase generated $134.4 billion (29% of market cap) in cumulative free cash flow (FCF). On the other hand, Square burns cash. Since 2015, Square has burned a cumulative $2.1 billion (2% of market cap) in FCF. Figure 1: JPMorgan Chase vs. Square: Cumulative Free Cash Flow Since 2014 JPM vs. SQ Cumulative FCF Since 2014 Market Expectations Imply Square Wins the “Fintech Revolution” & JPMorgan Chase Will Lose To justify JPMorgan Chase’s current price of $152/share, I show that the market assumes: On the other hand, to justify its current price of $225/share, Square must: This scenario implies that Square’s GPV in 2030 will equal $7.4 trillion, or 59% of all U.S. consumer spending in 2020[1]. Figure 2 compares the historical and implied future revenues implied by the current stock prices of JPMorgan Chase and Square. Figure 2: Share Prices Imply Square’s Revenue Overtakes JP Morgan Chase’s JPM vs. SQ Justification DCF Scenario This scenario also assumes Square is able to grow revenue, NOPAT, and FCF without increasing working capital or fixed assets. This assumption is unlikely but allows me to create best-case scenarios that demonstrate how high expectations embedded in the current valuation are. For reference, Square’s invested capital increased by 33% compounded annually since 2013. JPM Has 30% Upside With Moderate Growth Given the disconnect in valuation, the upside potential in owning JPM is much larger than SQ. If I assume JPMorgan Chase’s: Figure 3: JPMorgan Chase’s Historical vs. Implied NOPAT JPM Valuation DCF Scenario Technology Grows JPMorgan Chase’s Top Line… JPMorgan Chase’s investments in blockchain, artificial intelligence, machine learning, cybersecurity, and cloud computing enable the firm to increase the breadth and depth of its offerings and reach a larger number of customers. Focusing on faster transaction processing, better customer responsiveness, and more targeted offers, JPMorgan Chase aims to keep its existing customers and attract new ones to continue growing its revenue. …and Its Bottom Line Perhaps the greatest immediate and long-term advantage JPMorgan Chase gains from investing in technology and/or fintech is more cost efficiencies. As the firm incorporates more technology, its operations require less noninterest overhead expense. To measure the efficiency of the firm’s operations, I evaluate its overhead ratio, which equals noninterest expense / total net revenue. Per Figure 4, as JPMorgan Chase has increased its investment in technology, its overhead ratio has fallen from 72% in 2013 to 56% in 2020. Figure 4: JP Morgan Chase: Overhead Ratio vs. Technology Expense Since 2013 JPM Overhead Ratio Since 2013 JPMorgan Chase’s Profitability Is Superior to Traditional Banks’ and Square’s Per Figure 5, JPMorgan Chase’s NOPAT margin of 31% and ROIC of 13% are much higher than its peers’ and Square’s. As JPMorgan Chase integrates even more fintech into its operations, I expect its scale advantage to continue to drive superior profitability. Figure 5: JPMorgan Chase vs. Peers: NOPAT Margin & ROIC JPM vs. Peers NOPAT Margin ROIC Keep These Winners & Sell These Losers There are micro-bubbles outside of fintech. Figure 6 shows all of the micro-bubble winners and losers. Figure 6: Micro-Bubble Winners & Micro-Bubble Stocks Micro-Bubble Winners vs. Micro-Bubble Losers Disclosure: David Trainer, Kyle Guske II, and Matt Shuler receive no compensation to write about any specific stock, style, or theme. ",829,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886348415,2021-03-23 09:25:57,Organizations Must Improve Skilling To Futureproof Their Business And Their Workforce,https://www.forbes.com/sites/rebeccahenderson/2021/03/23/organizations-must-improve-skilling-to-futureproof-their-business-and-their-workforce/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"The irony is that the skills gap continues to grow even though both employers and employees agree that reskilling and upskilling are important and necessary. Companies are aware that they need individuals with more advanced competencies, and workers want to learn skills that will earn them a higher income and keep them relevant and employable in an increasingly digital workforce.  So if employees are eager to learn and employers want to train them, why is there such a disconnect between ideology and implementation?  One major issue that businesses are struggling with is determining who in their organization should be reskilled. RiseSmart’s skilling survey found that although most companies value continual learning, 39 precent that undertook skilling in 2020 said they offered skilling and training opportunities to some – but not all – employees, with team leads, managers and high-potential employees the most likely to receive training opportunities. Without a more holistic, expansive company-wide approach to skilling, organizations will struggle to build a diverse and inclusive workforce. Additionally, businesses that lack a defined skilling roadmap will continue to battle a competency gap when compared to competitors that take a more democratized approach to training their workforces.  Another trend that is slowing the momentum of reskilling efforts at many companies is a lack of guidance and direction. A number of employers have focused less on instructor-led skilling programs and provide little or no guidance to employees about training efforts, instead relying entirely on workers to self-start. Yet among the HR professionals surveyed that did participate in skilling initiatives, 91 percent believe that learning would be more effective with expert guidance, while only nine percent expressed confidence that employees can guide their own skilling journey effectively.  Ultimately, many companies seem to struggle with either not knowing what skills their organization needs, or how to go about launching an effective program to address the skills gaps they do have.   Organizations seeking to create an effective skilling program should first conduct a skills gap analysis that can provide better insights into what skills are most in-demand and identify competencies that their organization may be lacking. Then companies can create an overall strategic skills roadmap and individualized learning plans so employees can make the best decisions about what courses – and skills – to pursue. Alternatively, companies can also provide employees with new skills via on-the-job training, internal gigs and stretch assignments, which for many workers is their favorite way to learn.  Ultimately, businesses must embrace the skilling revolution, or they will be left behind. With top talent becoming increasingly scarce, it is critical that organizations promote internal mobility by advancing the skills of their workforce rather than relying on outside hiring. On the bright side, both employers and employees are enthusiastic about skilling, and closing the skills gap and helping workers acquire new competencies will benefit both parties. The next step for businesses is to provide opportunities and secure buy-in from everyone in their organization, and to determine which skills their business needs most and develop a strategic roadmap to help workers acquire them. ",516,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886348410,2021-03-23 09:30:00,How Alaska Air Survived The Pandemic: CEO Brad Tilden Explains,https://www.forbes.com/sites/michaelgoldstein/2021/03/23/how-alaska-air-survived-the-pandemic-ceo-brad-tilden-explains/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"How does a CEO lead an airline through such an unprecedented crisis? Tilden, CEO since 2012, is stepping down for a long-planned retirement. We spoke to Tilden, a commercial-rated pilot himself, about how Alaska has gotten through COVID-19, his ‘not-so-undercover-boss’ experiences, and more. FORBES: Ready to head off into the sunset? TILDEN: Yes. Ben [Benito Minicucci, Alaska President] is ready to lead as CEO, and the company is ready for change.  FORBES: Will you come into the office every day as Chairman? TILDEN: I will not. We have a tradition at Alaska of the old CEO getting out of the way of the new guy. I think I’ll come down once a month, to visit with Ben and the CFO. I won’t be copied on emails! Ben will be the guy.  FORBES: Tell us about the “not-so-undercover-boss” leadership immersion program you launched in 2019. TILDEN: The idea was all management at director and above level had to spend a week in the operation. Come walk a mile in my shoes.  You make a lot of mistakes, and our people laugh. I was in Anchorage, loading bags on a 737-900. I took the bags off the belt. Every fifth bag I’d accidentally hit another employee. I might have built some muscles, but she got some bruises. Sometimes our leaders say ‘I don’t have time’ for something like this. But if you spend a week, you’ll gain four weeks’ worth of understanding.  When something like COVID happens, it’s all about keeping your people and your customers safe. In a crisis like this you do find new muscles. We had a relationship with University of Washington scientists. They talked with our employees about how the virus actually spreads. We wanted employees to know we were doing everything we could to keep them safe. We cut back on food and beverage service, so there’d be less touching. There was some pivot to cargo. The state of Alaska is 50% vaccinated. We flew a lot of those vaccines. We went to changeable tickets, and a pre-clearance program for Hawaii passengers. We cleaned aircraft with three different cleans, including electrostatic and chemicals. We didn’t have to invent it ourselves; if it’s a good idea we’ll steal it!  FORBES: How badly did COVID-19 hurt Alaska? TILDEN: We were fortunate to not lose any employees to COVID.  We have 330 planes. More than half were grounded. At the depths [April 2020] our traffic was 3.5% of normal. We were refunding more tickets than we were selling. We had 55 days in with negative bookings—more cancellations than new bookings.  We lost $450 million in cash in one month. We quickly righted the ship, cut $2.4 billion in spending. We lost $5 billion in revenue in 2020 but our net debt did not change. For a lot of our employees the financial stress was extreme. We worked with the unions, we had 11,000 employees accepting leaves, with another 350 furloughed. Ben and I went to zero salary April 1 to September 30.  FORBES: Did Alaska’s profile as a primarily domestic and leisure airline help? TILDEN: We didn’t have to retire any Boeing 747s or Airbus A380s. Being more narrow body aircraft and single fleet, with a lower cost structure, benefitted us.  Our revenue was 35% business, 65% leisure. Business travel is still suppressed, but it is going to recover. Videoconferencing is a substitute, but the Internet has done nothing but drive new air traffic.  Bookings are now about 70% of normal. All our employees will be able to get a vaccine by the end of March, so there’s lots of optimism. Alaska Airlines CEO Brad Tilden with Alaska employee. FORBES: Other than COVID, what were your biggest crises? TILDEN: We had a major competitor [Delta] grow in Seattle in 2013. But events are really opportunities. The only thing we can do is use this competition to make us better. Your employees look out the window and respond to it. Our market share in Seattle is about 60%. We never lost a quarter-point of market share. We fly to 30 cities now we did not fly to before. FORBES: How do you compete with the Big Four? FORBES: Is that what your acquisition of Virgin America was about? TILDEN: In 2014 we wanted to scale up. The most logical place was California, with 40 million people. Virgin was big at SFO and LAX. They flew Airbus, which was not ideal [for a Boeing 737-based airline] but a very employee-focused brand. I was a big fan of the merger; we discussed it fora long time with the board. It came from us, not an investment banker. The sense was we needed to grow, we needed strength beyond Washington and Oregon. It gave us gates in JFK, Newark, SFO—transcontinental routes. The Alaska-Virgin merger was one of the fastest integrations in airline history. It’s the first merger we did in almost 40 years. Our team did a great job with systems integration. On the cultural side, I wouldn’t mind a do-over. There is always a culture clash in an airline merger. You start changing seniority numbers or vacations or the way the plane is catered—-either a Virgin or an Alaska employee is going to have to make changes. I wish we talked through with our employees how hard it was going to be. We are comfortable with the safety of this airplane, and we have an extraordinary relationship with Boeing. We wanted to get to a single fleet; we sold or retired 45 Airbus A320 aircraft. COVID gave us time to make a fleet transition. ",942,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886358047,2021-03-23 09:51:10,Get up! Sitting could harm your health,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/get-up-sitting-could-harm-your-health/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886360381,2021-03-23 06:00:00,"Letters to the Editor: Sorry off-roaders, you don't get to destroy Oceano Dunes because it's fun",https://news.yahoo.com/letters-editor-sorry-off-roaders-100000937.html,en,False,,751082,Yahoo News - Latest News & Headlines,https://www.yahoo.com/news/,"I'm sorry for those whose only form of enjoyment of these natural environments requires machines, noise and pollution. But at some point, we have to recognize that this way of life is unsustainable. I applaud the decision of the California Coastal Commission to face down the opposition and ban off-roading at Oceano Dunes, and I am hopeful that the decision will stand. Michele Padron, Santa Barbara .. I am disgusted. Lisa Edmondson, Los Angeles .. When I walk the beach at the dunes, the only sand dollars and mussels I seem to find are the ones that off-roaders like Heim have run over and destroyed. I find myself picking up pieces of dead sand dollars and mussels. Unfortunately, these weekend road warriors have absolutely no respect for the community, the ecosystem and Mother Nature. So, here's an idea for them: Stay home and destroy your own backyard. Martin Manigone, Arroyo Grande “This behavior is unacceptable, disappointing and goes against our core values,"" said superintendent Luis Lopes. The View/ScreenshotThe parade of conservative guest hosts auditioning to replace Meghan McCain continued this week on The View. And this time, yet another former Trump administration official took her turn, trying and failing to score gotcha points against the show’s guest, in this case Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA).Schiff, who was there to promote his new book Midnight in Washington: How We Almost Lost Our Democracy and Still Could, fielding primarily friendly questions from the show’s four left-lean Billie gave roaring '20s glamour with a touch of her trademark edge, layering a lace-trimmed ivory bustier over a sheer top embroidered with the Gucci G logo. ""We never even heard of a such of a thing,"" she declared on Fox News. It all comes down to how you order your eggs. The late-night host ripped the Packers QB for dodging the truth about his vaccine status. ABC's Jonathan Karl predicts the House select 6 committee investigating the Jan. 6 attack will be looking to get hold of this next. You make the call ... did the ref initiate contact with a Bears player? Chelsea Clinton was congratulated by her parents, former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, at the finish line Spotting just one of these animals is “incredibly lucky,” experts say. A trail camera captured four. Two of the Turpin sisters, who along with their 11 siblings were held captive for years before escaping in 2018, are speaking out for the first time about the abuse they endured. A look for the history books. Ivy Getty married photographer Tobias Engel in San Francisco on Thursday, with ""The Queen's Gambit"" star Anya Taylor-Joy as maid of honor. Where will the top MLB free agents land? And how many of those players will the New York Mets and New York Yankees reel in? Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady was very quick to dodge a question about the controversy surrounding Aaron Rodgers' vaccine status. The investigation is laying bare the extent of the conspiracy to derail the Trump campaign and thwart his presidency. A strange moment at the end of the first half between the Warriors and Hawks. The temporary change is an annual tradition among the royal family “Some describe true friends as choosing your own family. I say it’s more like choosing your own army.” Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers said he was allergic to an ingredient in COVID mRNA vaccines, but could he still be vaccinated? ",576,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886358041,2021-03-23 09:58:43,Study finds Americans gained significant weight during shelter-in-place orders,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/study-finds-americans-gained-significant-weight-during-shelter-in-place-orders/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886367767,2021-03-23 09:30:59,Prince Harry takes a job at Silicon Valley startup,https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/2021/03/23/prince-harry-job-startup-betterup/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=wp_world,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"Prince Harry has two new titles: tech executive and commissioner on disinformation. The announcement came one day after BetterUp, a Silicon Valley start-up, revealed that the duke was its newest employee. No longer a working member of the British royal family, Harry will serve as “chief impact officer” for the company. Harry, who has been vocal about his struggles with mental health, has been working with one of BetterUp’s coaches and using the app himself. But his unusual background apparently made filling out the initial multiple-choice questionnaire a bit of a challenge. Prince Harry remembers Diana’s death in book for children who have lost parents to covid Harry’s role within the company doesn’t involve supervising direct reports, according to the Journal. He is set to provide input on product strategy and corporate giving. It also means that the duke will serve as a public face of the company. Harry joins the executive team as BetterUp continues its rapid growth. Founded in 2013, the company touts a network of more than 2,000 coaches, with several big-name businesses among its clients, including Hilton, Warner Media and Chevron. The company claims it has served over 100,000 members since its founding and has more than 270 employees. As organizations and the broader public have become more attuned to mental health and wellness, employers have turned to a variety of resources to offer up to their staff, including online mentoring and counseling. Last month, BetterUp raised $125 million from investors, valuing the company at $1.73 billion. The latest financing round was led by Iconiq Growth and included existing and new investors Lightspeed Venture Partners and Salesforce Ventures. In recent years, he has also called out the British tabloids for relentless negative coverage of his wife, Meghan, who said in a recent interview with Oprah Winfrey that she had experienced suicidal feelings as a result of unfounded reports in the media and from life in the royal spotlight. The duke will not be compensated for his role on the commission, according to the Aspen Insitute. What Michelle Obama had to say about Meghan’s claims of racism within the British royal family Harry’s new corporate job “is a business move,” royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams told The Washington Post, but one that is consistent with the duke’s focus on mental wellness. “The response in Britain, where the response to his and Meghan’s ‘bombshell’ interview on Oprah divided the generations, is likely to claim that he is cashing in on his royal status,” Fitzwilliams said. While anything the Sussexes do is likely to be met with hostility in the British media, he added, “their main aim is to enhance their brand in the United States and the wider world.” This report has been updated. The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",472,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886362820,2021-03-23 09:59:29,FACT CHECK: Did Joe Biden Say Black People ‘Should Not Be Allowed To Hold Positions Of Power In Government’?,http://checkyourfact.com/2021/03/23/fact-check-joe-biden-black-people-positions-power-government/,en,False,,18775,Daily Caller,http://dailycaller.com,Facebook/Screenshot Verdict: False Check Your Fact didn’t find any record of Biden making the statement attributed to him in the Facebook post. Fact Check: ,25,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886362837,2021-03-23 09:49:37,"AstraZeneca’s Vaccine Data May Have Been ‘Outdated’ And ‘Incomplete,’ US Health Officials Say",https://dailycaller.com/2021/03/23/astrazeneca-vaccine-data-outdated-incomplete/,en,False,,18775,Daily Caller,http://dailycaller.com,"American health officials raised concerns Tuesday that AstraZeneca’s coronavirus vaccine data may have relied on “outdated information” that resulted in an “incomplete view” of its overall efficiency. “The [Data and Safety Monitoring Board] expressed concern that AstraZeneca may have included outdated information from that trial, which may have provided an incomplete view of the efficiency data,” the NAIAD added. The AstraZeneca/Oxford Covid-19 is administered in the United Kingdom on February 1, 2021. (Hugh Hastings/Getty Images) “We have reviewed the preliminary assessment of the primary analysis and the results were consistent with the interim analysis,” the company said. “We are now completing the validation of the statistical analysis.” AstraZeneca added that that analysis would be released within 48 hours.   Follow Andrew on Twitter @atrunsky The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006 ",141,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886368040,2021-03-23 08:24:00,IRS misses ‘substantial’ tax evasion by the wealthiest Americans — this study calculates just how much,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/irs-misses-substantial-tax-evasion-by-the-wealthiest-americans-this-study-calculates-just-how-much-11616502277?siteid=yhoof2&yptr=yahoo,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,"Large pools of wealthy taxpayer money that should line federal government coffers are going undetected in tax audits, according to new research finding “substantial evasion at the top” of the income ladder. Comparing the random audits with the results of a Obama-era tax evasion crackdown that started in 2008, the researchers — who included IRS personnel — said the random audits “seldom detected concealed offshore wealth” such as undeclared foreign bank accounts. Informed by those findings, the researchers then tried to measure the amount of undetected money that goes unreported. When the researchers applied their own methods, the under-reported income for taxpayers at the bottom half of the income ladder rose 7%. For the top one-percent of earners, under-reported income rose 21%, said the authors, who also come from the London School of Economics and Carnegie Mellon. “Random audits, which do not detect most sophisticated evasion, underestimate top tax evasion,” the researchers said. The study did acknowledge these types of audits are “not designed” to detect all the rich taxpayer money that goes under the radar. The research also shows the high stakes for the IRS’s declining audit rates. Susan Long, co-director of Syracuse University’s TRAC Research Center and a professor of managerial statistics, told MarketWatch she was not surprised by the recent research. As a result of a court order that’s been standing for decades, she constantly gets data on what the IRS is — and is not — doing when it comes to audits. On Thursday, Rettig testified before members of the House Ways and Means’ Subcommittee on Oversight. “Sir, we absolutely do not,” Rettig responded, saying that the agency has been following laws requiring it to follow improper payments to low-income households on tax credits like the Earned Income Tax Credit. Rettig said the IRS audits 8% of taxpayers making over $10 million. “For 2010, when we had the resources, we were auditing 23%,” he said. Federal prosecutors say the unnamed whale --- described only as a Chinese national --- made over 100 visits to the Bicycle Hotel & Casino over eight months in 2016. ",349,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886368073,2021-03-23 04:43:00,Butterflies In Apple's Stomach? Judge Allows Macbook Owners To File Class Action Lawsuit,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/butterflies-apples-stomach-judge-allows-084300400.html,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,Thank you for your patience. Our engineers are working quickly to resolve the issue. ,15,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886362829,2021-03-23 09:55:15,Chicago Suburb Approves Plan To Give Reparations To Black Residents,https://dailycaller.com/2021/03/23/chicago-suburb-evanston-approves-reparations-black-residents-marijuana-revenue/,en,True,,18775,Daily Caller,http://dailycaller.com,"(Photo by KAMIL KRZACZYNSKI/AFP via Getty Images) The Chicago suburb of Evanston voted to approve reparation payments to black residents after a city council vote Monday, The Associated Press reported. It is believed to be the first of its kind in U.S. history. The financial payout is meant to atone for years of past discrimination and any remaining effects of slavery. Eligible recipients will be given $25,000 to use for a down payment on a house or closing cost assistance for properties within Evanston. Alderman Robin Rue Simmons, the legislator who first proposed the initiative in 2019, declared the program a first step but insisted more needed to be done. “It is, alone, not enough,” Simmons said, according to the Chicago Tribune. “We all know that the road to repair and justice in the Black community is going to be a generation of work. It’s going to be many programs and initiatives and more funding.” The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006 ",171,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886368791,2021-03-23 09:00:55,Commentary: Pac-12 excellence in NCAA tournament rejuvenates its national reputation,http://feeds.latimes.com/~r/latimes/sports/football/nfl/~3/OEjc67nTqS8/pac-12-ncaa-tournament-dominance-march-madness,en,False,,6,LA Times,http://www.latimes.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886368445,2021-03-23 09:51:38,Kylie Jenner addresses backlash over GoFundMe support,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/NUyq7p-E2Uw/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886368070,2021-03-23 08:14:01,Cathie Wood Has Billions in Tesla. ARKK Still Struggles With ESG,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cathie-wood-billions-tesla-arkk-121401966.html,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,Thank you for your patience. Our engineers are working quickly to resolve the issue. ,15,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886362826,2021-03-23 09:58:46,Attack Witnessed On Zoom Call Leads Police To Two Dead Bodies,https://dailycaller.com/2021/03/23/zoom-call-attack-kidnapping-los-angeles-two-dead-bodies-stabbing/,en,False,,18775,Daily Caller,http://dailycaller.com,"Screenshot/Fox LA A man who allegedly killed his mother and uncle in an attack captured on a Zoom call was charged with their murders, the Los Angeles County District Attorney’s Office announced Tuesday. The two victims are Carol Brown, 67, and Kenneth Preston, 69, according to the attorney’s office statement. Cotton allegedly killed them at the house they all shared. “This is a horrific case in which the mother’s work colleagues witnessed part of the attack while on a Zoom call and called the authorities,” District Attorney George Gascón said, according to his office’s statement. “Unfortunately by the time police arrived they discovered both victims.” Investigators discovered a vehicle was missing from the residence, and during the investigation a man returned to the home driving one of the victim’s vehicles, according to the sheriff’s office statement. The man said he was a resident of the home. Hall explained what investigators believe happened at the crime scene.  “The male was inside the house,” Hall said, according to NBC Los Angeles. “The lady was still talking on the Zoom when the male was dragged out of the house. That alerted her. Then, the suspect went inside and attacked her.” Editor’s Note: This post has been updated to include the charges against the suspect, which were announced later. The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006 ",231,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886370562,2021-03-23 09:19:19,Regal theaters are reopening in April to show 'Godzilla vs. Kong' and 'Mortal Kombat',https://www.businessinsider.com/regal-theaters-reopen-april-godzilla-vs-kong-mortal-kombat-movie-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. Cineworld CEO Mooky Greidinger said that most US states allow movie theaters to operate at at least half-capacity, meaning that the chain ""will be able to operate profitably in our biggest markets.""  A limited number of theaters are set to reopen to screen ""Godzilla vs. Kong"" on April 2, while ""Mortal Kombat"" will be screened more widely on April 16. Cineworld did not name the locations of these cinemas. Cineworld also said that from 2022, films that Warner Bros. releases in cinemas would have a 45-day window of theatrical exclusivity at Regal cinemas in the US, with certain provisions. The agreement between Cineworld and Warner Bros. ""shows the studio's commitment to the theatrical business and we see this agreement as an important milestone in our 100-year relationship with Warner Bros,"" Greidinger said. The movie-theater industry has been devastated by the pandemic as cinemas have been forced to close or operate at limited capacity during government-imposed lockdowns, causing some studios to skip cinemas completely and launch films straight to streaming. This has been coupled with delays to major releases, including the upcoming James Bond instalment ""No Time To Die,"" Marvel's ""Black Widow,"" and Warner Bros.' ""Wonder Woman 1984,"" in part due to coronavirus-led restrictions. Greidinger on Tuesday said that Cineworld would monitor lockdown developments across Europe to gradually reopen theaters following local government guidance. The company said it expects to reopen screens in the UK, its second-biggest market, in May. 
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",360,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886370515,2021-03-23 09:25:42,Online real estate platform Compass eyes $10 billion valuation in US IPO (COMP),https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/compass-ipo-valuation-softbank-online-real-estate-brokerage-firm-2021-3-1030236768,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886369688,2021-03-23 09:27:11,Two Americans among infected with Ebola in Africa,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/two-americans-among-infected-with-ebola-in-africa/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886368783,2021-03-23 09:15:26,Elliott: USC spears Kansas to showcase the arrival of a major power,http://feeds.latimes.com/~r/latimes/sports/football/nfl/~3/ma0YN_L1JRA/usc-rout-kansas-showcase-arrival-major-power,en,False,,6,LA Times,http://www.latimes.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886368014,2021-03-23 09:43:00,Dolphin Entertainment stock more than doubles after forming new NFT division,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/dolphin-entertainment-stock-more-than-doubles-after-forming-new-nft-division-2021-03-23?siteid=yhoof2&yptr=yahoo,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,AMD is among companies poised to eclipse $200 billion in market value. Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. ,36,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886373450,2021-03-23 09:40:00,Why People Don't Always Speak Up At Work,https://www.forbes.com/sites/adigaskell/2021/03/23/why-people-dont-always-speak-up-at-work/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Why People Don't Always Speak Up At Work Speaking up at work is generally seen as a good thing, and the likes of Harvard's Amy Edmondson have spoken and written at great length about the value of psychological safety at work. Speaking up could help to expose bias or prejudice, it could promote innovations that go against the status quo, or simply suggest strategies that differ from one's line manager. Obviously, this represents a conundrum for managers as employees might feel comfortable speaking up on one topic but not another. This process of speaking up is referred to in the paper as ""voice"", with the withholding of information referred to as silence. The researchers analyzed 162 previous studies to understand what prompts people to speak up (or not), before then performing their own study involving 405 employees across multiple companies. They found that we're likely to speak up if we're confident that our ideas will have an impact on our organization, and especially if we think they will have a positive outcome for ourselves and our team. By contrast, silence is more common if we're not confident enough to take interpersonal risks at work or if we fear we'll be shunned for speaking up. The study went on to reveal that the differences between speaking up and staying silent extend to the consequences as well as the motivations. Silence enacts a clear toll on us that can contribute towards burnout as keeping our concerns to ourself harms our wellbeing. As such, it's vital that managers are able to address both voice and silence sides of the coin, with each presenting them with their own set of challenges. For instance, cultivating voice requires effort to reinforce that speaking up will bear fruit, whereas eliminating silence requires the construction of psychological safety. Encouraging people to speak up often revolves around how any attempts to do so are handled. For instance, transparency around how ideas are considered and ample communication when those ideas are implemented can help highlight the value the organization places on ideas. The key is for employees to truly believe that their speaking up can have a positive impact on them, their team, and for the wider organization. If they lack this belief then it makes speaking up much less appealing. Similarly, managers need to ensure that employees feel confident that they won't suffer any negative repercussions from speaking up. They could implement anonymous suggestion boxes, for instance, with such strategies helping to reduce silence on issues that might otherwise induce fear among employees, such as the reporting of unethical behavior.   As the Rice study highlights, managers should also monitor how they react to ideas and suggestions, especially if they're bad or on sensitive subjects. Their reactions play a significant role in the safety employees feel in speaking up again. “A lot of times in team meetings, colleagues are discussing issues. If people don’t speak up, leaders assume they have nothing to say and all is well. In reality, leaders need to work harder to draw them out, It's clear that if we want our employees to feel safer speaking up, then much more needs to be done to provide the environment and culture to support them in doing so. ",532,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886370480,2021-03-23 09:27:17,QuantumScape drops 9% after launching share offering to fund battery-pilot expansion (QS),https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/quantumscape-stock-price-share-offering-launch-battery-production-expansion-2021-3-1030236784,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886370535,2021-03-23 09:21:19,A Polish writer could be sent to prison for up to 3 years for calling the country's president a 'moron',https://www.businessinsider.com/polish-writer-charged-for-calling-poland-president-a-moron-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. A Polish writer faces up to three years in jail after he branded the country's president a ""moron"" under laws which make it illegal in Poland to insult the head of state. Jakub Zulczyk, a writer and journalist, made the comment in a Facebook post in November in response to a tweet Polish President Andrzej Duda addressed to Joe Biden after his election victory, the BBC reported. Zulczyk had criticised President Duda — who was closely allied with former President Trump — for failing fully to acknowledge Biden's victory, claiming that he was awaiting the outcome of the electoral college vote, even though multiple world leaders had already hailed Biden's win over Trump. ""As we await the nomination by the Electoral College, Poland is determined to upkeep high-level and high-quality PL-US strategic partnership for an even stronger alliance."" In response Zulczyk — a popular writer behind the HBO Europe show ""Blinded By The Lights"" — wrote on Facebook on November 7 that the electoral college votes were a ""formality"" and said President Duda did not understand US politics. The post ended: ""Andrew Duda is a moron."" On Monday, Zulczyk said that he had just discovered through a news report that he had been charged with insulting the head of state, a criminal offence. ""Two funny things,"" he wrote on Facebook. ""First - I just said that the District Attorney's Office Warsaw Downtown North has directed an indictment against me from Article 135 of the Penal Code, i.e. an insult to the Head of State. ""It's about a Facebook post about the US election, in which I wrote this and quote: ""Andrew Duda is a moron."" Zulczyk said that he would not disclose whether he planned to plead guilty to the offense. Citizens can face imprisonment for insulting the country's leaders or even the national flag. 
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",426,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886369674,2021-03-23 09:28:10,Netanyahu warns Israel is prepared for “prolonged” conflict in Gaza,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/netanyahu-warns-israel-is-prepared-for-prolonged-conflict-in-gaza/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886377793,2021-03-23 08:00:01,"Column: Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada... Why all the fuss about who votes first for president?",https://www.latimes.com/politics/story/2021-03-23/nevada-iowa-new-hampshire-2024-presidential-calendar,en,False,,6,LA Times,http://www.latimes.com/,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886377685,2021-03-23 09:00:05,My Time Working On ‘Sex And The City’ Drove Me To Leave The Industry. Here’s Why.,https://www.huffpost.com/entry/satc-actor-me-too-harassment_n_6054becbc5b6d6c2a2a6c168,en,False,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"Guest Writer “He almost hit that woman!” my 11-year-old daughter Daisy exclaimed, pointing at the screen. “I gave up my career because of that,” I told Daisy, even though I didn’t want her to know that sometimes we have to walk away from what we love because of fear. I thought back to Season 4, Episode 2 of “Sex and the City,” when Charlotte, played by Kristin Davis, visits her gynecologist. As Davis’ stand-in ― a person who resembles the star and is hired to be on set while the crew adjusts the lights and the scene ― I had to spread my legs in a set of stirrups and hold the position until everything was ready for filming. My job required that I remain silent and compliant while working. I did as I was told, like I had for years while working on the show. When the director and stars left for a meeting, a member of the crew duct-taped my feet to the stirrups. Others in the crew laughed, made crude comments about my body and took Polaroids. I wanted to rip the tape off and run screaming out of Silvercup Studios. Instead, I lay there knowing I had a job for another day and health insurance through the Screen Actors Guild. When I returned to my 12′x12′ studio apartment on New York City’s Upper West Side, I buried myself in my blankets on my blow-up mattress. I felt humiliated and powerless. All I had wanted, as a semi-broke 20-something, was a steady job and to be treated fairly. I wondered if I had brought on the behavior by smiling at the crew during the 12-hour day, which was considered a short workday in the world of television. Or did they really not like me? Or were they trying to harass me into quitting, because they wanted new blood to taunt? As a balm after the incident, I brought my violin to set. On breaks, I practiced on whatever empty soundstage I could find. One day, a Black woman with cornrows, who was working on the show as a background extra, wandered in where I was playing. She had tears in her eyes. I asked her what was wrong. “A crew guy asked if I was in a gang,” she told me. “Then he told me to go get him some fried chicken.” These are just a few examples of the toxic behavior I saw, felt and experienced on set. It was just too much, and I could no longer put up with any of it. So I quit. I got a job as a cater waiter and was told to get a tux. I went to a thrift store and bought one ― a boys’ Armani ― for $50. The irony was not lost on me that my new uniform literally meant I would be dressing up as a man for a paycheck. On nights off, I took online writing classes and returned to college. I finally graduated when I was 33. When I gave birth to Daisy a few years later, I found myself reflecting on my life. I thought about the good times I’d had on the “Sex and the City” set, like the time I sang at Amateur Night at the Apollo and Sarah Jessica Parker sent me roses with a sweet note. Or when someone on the production staff defended me after a crew guy said my nose was too big for the screen and that was why I never got a speaking part on the show. Or one late night when Kristin Davis invited me to ride home in her town car and gave me her silk butterfly dress, which I still show off to friends. Or the time some of the crew members invited me to rehearse with their blues band after a catered lunch. One of the guys even printed T-shirts for the band that read “The Sex and the City Band” on the front and “The Bitters” on the back. I still treasure the shirt today. Over the years, especially as the Me Too movement gained traction, I thought of speaking out about what I’d experienced, but I told myself that none of it compared to what other women in the industry have been through. So I remained silent and faded into the shadows, leaving my stand-in days ― and the harassment I experienced during them ― in the past. My violin beckoned to me as I settled down into married life and motherhood. I taught violin to preschoolers and brought both my daughters, then aged 2 and 7, to work. They became my co-teachers, handing out wooden sticks for drumming to friends and singing “Music Together.” The art-filled space was in an old, overheated, walk-up loft in Brooklyn. When I was there, I sometimes felt like I was in a more lighthearted version of “Lord of the Flies”: There were children everywhere, some of them covered in paint and wrestling each other or making other mischief, but when they saw me or heard me singing, they rushed over, piling on with hugs and requests to play “Hot Cross Buns.” I didn’t worry about being harassed or not being cool enough to get a joke. I didn’t worry about the cruel treatment I might have to endure if I wanted to keep bringing home a paycheck. I was finally at peace. But where do we begin? I believe the first thing we need to do is educate everyone about what toxic behavior is, why it’s wrong and how it hinders everyone from doing their best work, whether it’s on set, over Zoom or in an office. Those in leadership positions should be required to take trainings on how to recognize and eliminate harassment and abuse, and how to treat others with respect no matter what their position is. It’s been a long time since I stood in for the stars. Who knows where my career and my life might have gone if I hadn’t experienced what I did? But I can’t change what happened ― or how I reacted to it. Now, all these years later, I’m older and wiser and I understand that I have a choice to tell my story or not. I understand that it’s not too late to share my truth, and I hope more good comes from it. I don’t care if I’m blackballed for speaking out against the business I once loved. I realize I have an opportunity to possibly bring about some change ― or at least start a conversation about it ― and provide a good example for my daughters. By sharing my story and discussing with them how important it is to have respect for yourself and for others, to draw boundaries and refuse to be treated in ways that you know aren’t healthy, kind or fair, I hope that if they ever find themselves in a situation similar to the one I was in, they’ll be brave and know what to do.  I’m finally standing up for myself ― and for others ― and I know my daughters couldn’t be prouder. Heather Kristin has written for Glamour, The Independent, Salon and Slate, and has been interviewed on Latino NPR and by Oprah. She’s worked many jobs, including Park Avenue nanny, film extra, subway busker and cocktail waitress, but she’s most proud of being a Girls Write Now mentor, mommy and violinist. She’s currently writing a memoir, “The Stand-In.” Guest Writer ",1253,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886373445,2021-03-23 09:40:00,The Challenges Of Buying And Taking Over A Company,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinesscouncil/2021/03/23/the-challenges-of-buying-and-taking-over-a-company/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty Taking over a company is no easy feat. It requires unquestionable determination and a commitment to launch yourself into the growth and success of something you might have only known from an external perspective. It then takes even more devotion to recognize changes that need to be made — all while staying true to that company's culture, customs and habits without transforming it entirely. Buying a company and then taking it over successfully requires the ability to appreciate the company for what it once was and what it is now while still having the humble assumption that what it could be is dependent on current operations and employees. After purchasing companies throughout my own career, many of which had been in operation for more than 20 years, I've learned these lessons firsthand.  Essentially, buying a company is the easy part; taking over a company, on the other hand, is the challenge in itself. In my experience, most companies aren’t purchased by someone who wants to continue down the path of ""business as usual."" Companies are often purchased by someone who sees potential for efficiency, creativity, versatility and widespread growth. But once that company is passed on to the buyer, growth doesn’t just come naturally. Growth comes when the buyer recognizes that the needs of the business must still be met while new strategies and processes are introduced simultaneously. Buyers must acknowledge that everything in a company is connected. All buyers must know that every moving part of a company is connected. The strategy, marketing, recruitment, management, sales and technology of a company are all dependent variables. When you understand this, you can pinpoint where the company needs improvements while also recognizing what the effects of those possible improvements will be on everything else. You might be able to see the exact changes a company should make for long-term accelerated growth, but those ideas might not always be good ideas. The question of ""Do those changes align with the company’s culture?"" is one that shouldn’t go unanswered. After all, if the answer to that question is no, then you, the new buyer of the company, must evaluate if those changes outweigh the long-term nature of the work environment.  There are challenges associated with buying and leading a small company. The definition of ""small-sized company"" is relative, but when looking at companies with 50 to 400 employees, there’s an inherent relationship between said employees and the company operations and efficiencies. Buying and owning multiple businesses teaches you many things, but one of the most important things it teaches you is that the employees of a company are its core, especially with smaller-sized companies. Without those employees, there would be no company, and there would be no progression forward. Satisfying the needs and wants of your new employees needs to be of the highest priority when buying a business and deciding what route to take to push it forward. Every idea isn't always a good idea when taking over a business. The entrepreneur who buys and takes over a company often has experience from running or owning a company before. While it’s beneficial to have that experience, it’s also important to remember that every company will work, function and scale identically. The successful operations of one business do not equate to an evergreen solution for all businesses. When it comes to making decisions after purchasing a company, remember that not every idea is going to be a good idea, and not everything that worked for your previous companies will work for this new one. If your goal with the company is growth and that same company is running smoothly in regards to employee engagement, everyday operations and management roles, then your approach is going to be much different than what it would be if the company was struggling on a daily basis. In other words, changing every moving part of a company’s atmosphere simultaneously, and without any consideration for what’s currently working, could lead to catastrophe. Taking over a company starts with sustainable growth. The similarities among companies themselves are prominent, with similar processes and operation methods that encompass most industries. Once you’ve successfully purchased and kick-started the growth of one company, doing so for another becomes more straightforward. As I mentioned above, however, no two companies will ever be identical. All companies will require different inputs and new strategies for growth — and that growth will start when a buyer has the ability to identify what needs to be changed while gauging exactly what else in the company will be impacted.  Taking over a company will never be easy, but it will get easier over time. The greatest challenge when taking over a new company isn’t the growth or desired success you want to achieve; it’s the ability to recognize that running a company is a balancing act of ensuring all aspects of the business have enough leverage to remain stable. ",821,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886370438,2021-03-23 09:30:00,7-Eleven is opening its first drive-thru store and it will feature tacos and special-flavored Slurpees,https://www.businessinsider.com/7-eleven-drive-thru-in-texas-slurpees-tacos-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. A new 7-Eleven store in Dallas, Texas will have a drive-thru and be connected to Laredo Taco Company. The location will also have indoor dining. This location marks the first-ever 7-Eleven drive-thru. The first combination 7-Eleven and Laredo Taco Company opened two years ago, the company says. ""Throw in the convenience of grabbing a taco paired with a Slurpee drink through a drive-thru, and it's a match made in heaven,"" 7‑Eleven executive vice president and COO Chris Tanco said in a statement. The location will serve tacos on handmade tortillas with chorizo, barbacoa, and carnitas, along with a fresh salsa bar and breakfast tacos through 11:30 a.m. While many regular 7-Elevens are open 24 hours a day, the drive-thru will operate from 5 a.m. to 10 p.m. Sunday through Thursday, and through 11 p.m. on Fridays and Saturdays. The drive-thru will have more than 30 drink options, including Slurpees and hot and iced coffee. 7-Eleven Evolution stores are where corporate tests new drinks before they make their way to the rest of the country, so customers can try ginger beer, black cherry, pineapple coconut, diet key lime, and diet cherry vanilla flavored sodas. Inside, wine-based frozen margaritas are on tap.  This new location will also have other unusual features, including a wine cellar and beer cave, skin-care and makeup brands, and other novelty products.  This location is the first of its kind for 7-Eleven, but there could be more as the chain continues to experiment with the evolution concept. 
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",370,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886370385,2021-03-23 09:41:15,"US stocks slip as rising virus cases risk derailing the economic recovery (INX, COMPX, DJIA, NDX, RUI, RUT)",https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/stock-market-news-today-us-stocks-decline-lockdown-dampen-risk-appetite-2021-3-1030236839,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"Here's where US indexes stood after the 9:30 a.m. ET open on Tuesday: Bitcoin lost 3.5% to trade at $55,493.  ",22,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886378244,2021-03-23 08:05:00,Best New Ideas in Retirement: A revolutionary ‘gray army’ of older workers is fighting our youth-obsessed culture — and we’ll all benefit if they win,http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?guid=%7B21005575-02D4-D4B5-4572-D31D389FD260%7D&siteid=rss&rss=1,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,"Ageism is society’s last acceptable “ism” — but there’s cause for optimism. Older Americans are beginning to rebel against a youth-obsessed culture. They want to be valued and accepted for who they are, embracing “elderhood” as the next chapter after adulthood, and extolling the wisdom and experience that comes with aches and wrinkles. This Gray Revolution, like many other social movements before it, is being driven by workers. Across the U.S., older employees are prodding their organizations to promote age diversity with the same initiative and interest awarded to gender, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation and disability. They are pushing for a place and a purpose within an organization that reflects and respects their skills and expertise — and the most innovative institutions, companies and CEOs will either lead, follow or get out of the way. “It’s absurd that experience has become a liability,” says activist Ashton Applewhite, author of “This Chair Rocks: A Manifesto Against Ageism.” Meaningful change is slow, but older people have time on their side. Americans are living and working longer, while younger generations tend to be multicultural and pluralistic in their worldview. Many young people also are eager to connect with experienced older mentors. There’s a good chance that future leaders among them will carry these progressive social values into positions of power. Older workers are highly valuable. They bring judgment, balance and perspective to an organization. They tend to stick around longer than their job-hopping, ladder-climbing counterparts. Older employees typically aren’t angling for promotions and view younger co-workers not as threats but as mentoring opportunities. Moreover, research shows that when a company facilitates the exchange of ideas and initiatives across generations, its productivity, profitability and worker morale all improve. “With the changing nature of the economy to a technology economy, so many things are being displaced,” says gerontologist Paul Irving, chairman of the Milken Institute Center for the Future of Aging. “The one thing that may be hardest to displace is wisdom.” Not every older person is a Yoda wannabe, of course. Many of us go to extremes to deny that we are old or will be. Yet denial only weakens our power to combat ageism in others — and in ourselves. That’s one reason why intergenerational initiatives and alliances are so critical: Fostering cooperation between young and old allows knowledge and talent to shine regardless of age. “To create a culture of cooperation and respect, you have to make sure that older workers have the opportunity to gain new skills and stay current,” says Martha Deevy, a senior research scholar at the Stanford Center of Longevity at Stanford University. “Set up environments where the generations are able to share what they know.”  In this way, she adds, “Younger people see how the company is dealing with older people, and older workers are learning new skills, contributing, and able to mentor.” Such forward-thinking breaks down ageist barriers, which divide not just the workplace but society itself — from the health care we receive to the entertainment and media we consume. “We’re all ageist,” adds Applewhite. “Prejudice is based on ‘othering.’ The ‘other’ is our older self. The solution is for people of all ages to acknowledge that they are getting older.” People can overcome their own age bias with greater awareness and employers can do so as well. Start by acknowledging and accepting the older worker with the enthusiasm and encouragement shown to employees whose careers are in front of them. After all, they may be one and the same — nowadays a 55-year-old employee, for example, could easily stay with an organization for another 25 years. “People arrive at old age healthy and are able to stay healthy, and with health we unleash the potential for older adults to contribute to society,” says geriatrician Linda Fried, director of Columbia University’s Columbia Aging Center. “We’ve never had this before; we don’t yet appreciate what it could offer.” It’s clear what older people can offer the workplace, but what can the workplace offer them? That’s where organizations will have to think outside the box, because there’s never before been a time where managers are as likely to supervise a 65-year-old as they are a 25-year-old. “Can we get out of our notion that people are supposed to be working and collaborating only with people of the same age?” says gerontologist Ken Dychtwald, founder and CEO of Age Wave and co-author of “What Retirees Want: A Holistic View of Life’s Third Age.”  “Find common ground,” he adds. “We need to see more of it, show more of it.” “There is something special about the connection between older and younger people,” the Milken Institute’s Irving observes. “The learning flows both ways. How do we get these ideas in front of people who can actually make a difference? What it takes is leadership. You need leaders to step up.” Chip Conley, Airbnb’s Strategic Advisor for Hospitality & Leadership and the author of “Wisdom@Work: The Making of a Modern Elder,” has picked up this mantle. Conley coined the word “mentern” to describe an older person who exhibits both a mentor’s mastery and an intern’s inquisitiveness — a dual role that can add value to a receptive organization. He thinks big about a future where older workers are encouraged to continually reinvent themselves. “Why not give people the ability to save for their own midlife re-education?” asks Conley, who parlayed his own career experience to found the Modern Elder Academy, a midlife “wisdom school” for people to envision and enact the second half of life. Truly cutting-edge employers that can afford to do so could put these ideas into action. For example, what if organizations allowed employees to set aside a portion of their pretax earnings for midlife or elder learning? What if workers could take a sabbatical for this exploration — a year or even just a few months — knowing their job is safe? Such open-ended opportunities could be exactly what’s needed to nourish an appreciative employee of any age. When it’s time for older workers to leave the staff, they can do so with grace and gratitude, or maybe even stay on as wise counselors. The gray army is here, and younger allies increasingly will fight alongside their elders because these workplace changes benefit them, too. Organizations that join the cause to help older employees extend their careers and engage with peers across generations also signal younger staff that they matter. While many employers undoubtedly will balk at these initiatives, one only has to look to the women’s movement, for example, to see the potential for a similar, global shift about the value and ability of older people. “Early adopters and innovation doesn’t always start in a garage with young people,” Dychtwald says. “Some of the things meant to be accommodating to the older worker are going to create a revolution in work for everyone.” What's bad for Wall Street is good for investors Jonathan Burton is the money and investing editor for MarketWatch, overseeing coverage of investment news and strategies. His Life Savings column focuses on money and personal finance matters. Previously he held contributing editor positions at Bloomberg Personal Finance, Mutual Funds and Individual Investor magazines, and was a reporter with the Far Eastern Economic Review and Investor's Business Daily. He is also the author of two books on investing. ",1227,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886377674,2021-03-23 10:01:50,"Family, Friends Remember Eric Talley, Slain Colorado Police Officer: ‘A Generous Man’",https://www.huffpost.com/entry/eric-talley-colorado-supermarket-shooting_n_6059669ec5b6cebf58d10f49,en,False,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,"Reporter, HuffPost In a press conference on Tuesday, Herold said that Talley was “everything that policing deserves and needs.” “He cared about this community ... He was willing to die to protect others,” she said. “He joined the police force when he was 40 years old,” his father said. “He was looking for a job to keep himself off of the front lines and was learning to be a drone operator. He didn’t want to put his family through something like this and he believed in Jesus Christ.”  Colorado Gov. Jared Polis (D), the city of Boulder, and many of Talley’s friends and former colleagues mourned his death on social media. “I cannot explain how beautiful he was and what a devastating loss this is to so many,” wrote a woman who called Talley “my big brother.” “I just have no words,” he wrote. Brooks told HuffPost he worked with Talley at Avaya from 2007 to 2010 in Westminster, Colorado. “He was a generous man who would do anything to help anyone,” said Brooks. Another former co-worker of Talley’s, Lauri Wegschieder, called him “one of the smartest people” she knew in an emotional Facebook post. Wegschieder told HuffPost via email that she worked with Talley for 11 years at the police department and that they “had a special relationship.” “He was always so proud [of] his family and loved to show pictures of them. He lived in Aurora and drove 1.5 hours each way to work. We used to kid around with him that that was the only peace and quiet he ever got was that long drive to and from work,” she wrote. She shared that Talley was “fearless” with “a heart of gold” and even joked that he was “addicted to Mountain Dew.” “He knew his job was to help those who couldn’t help themselves. He lived a life of compassion even during the trying times of the job. He always treated people with respect,” Wegschieder wrote, adding: “The loss of his life and the 9 others yesterday has left me without words to describe the heartache. I am so worried about the future of his family and how they will make it. I’m awaiting word from the department on where people can send donations to his family. With 7 children it is going to be a rough road for them all. Eric lived honorably and died a hero. I’m lucky to have been a part of his life.” Others who crossed paths with Talley through his work as a police officer also shared memories. One person described Talley as “the only one that made me feel safe after multiple incidents at my job on Pearl Street.” Another recalled an incident in which Talley responded to a disturbance involving an abusive boyfriend. Reporter, HuffPost ",468,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886373440,2021-03-23 09:41:30,How Long Should A Brand Name Be?,https://www.forbes.com/sites/rogerdooley/2021/03/23/how-long-should-a-brand-name-be/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Häagen-Dazs - an unlikely name for a highly successful brand. In general, cognitive fluency is a measure of how easily our brains process or understand things. Things that are easy, like a big red sign that says “STOP,” are considered to be fluent. Things that are harder to understand, like the tiny, dense, gray text in software terms and conditions would be disfluent. Names have varying degrees of fluency. “Green, Ohio” would be fluent for English-speaking Americans. “Blaenau Ffestiniog, Wales” would be disfluent to that same group. The stock price research and other studies all point to simple, easy names as being more desirable for positive business outcomes. But, that’s not always the best path, Alter points out. Much of the time, Alter says, consumers are in what is known as “System 1” processing. They are mostly on autopilot, without paying much attention to the information they are exposed to. When they are confronted by something odd, unexpected, or complicated, they may enter a more conscious level of processing, System 2. According to Alter, “Disfluency is good when you want people to engage more. It’s also good for signaling luxury... If you want something to seem different and interesting, often disfluency is valuable.” Alter cites Häagen-Dazs ice cream as an example of disfluency conveying a product image that is more interesting. “There is no language in the world that features an A with an umlaut, followed by an A without one. But this was a name that was concocted by a man in Brooklyn when he decided that he wanted to introduce a luxury ice cream to the marketplace. So, this brand is totally concocted to sound foreign, exotic, vaguely Eastern or Northern European.” Some brands, of course, like Lamborghini and Lagavulin, got their disfluent names from actual people and places. Whatever the origin of these names, they have come to represent luxury. The success of Häagen-Dazs, a hard-to-process name that violates nearly every element of common wisdom about brand naming, doesn’t prove that common wisdom is wrong. For most products, simple, fluent names will be best. Alter’s stock price research shows that fluency seems to increase liking for a name. Practical considerations favor simplicity as well. People are less likely to remember a strange name after hearing it only once or twice. A week after hearing “Häagen-Dazs” just once, how many people would be able to repeat the name (or even a reasonable approximation) to a friend? Top selling laundry detergents all have highly fluent names: Tide, Gain, Arm & Hammer, and Purex. While “Arm & Hammer” is long and contains a symbol, it is composed of easily processed words and benefits from iconic brand recognition dating to the 1860s. If your product is a luxury or niche product, or if you want to suggest an exotic origin, a longer, disfluent name may work better. Johnny Walker, fluent despite its four syllables, may be the best-selling Scotch whiskey, but the top-rated brands include less fluent names like Glendronach, Glenmorangie, Balvenie, and Ardbeg. A long or difficult brand name represents a greater risk in most categories. But, if the name is consistent with the brand’s image and can get traction with customers, its disfluency will increase distinctiveness and memorability. ",540,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886370407,2021-03-23 09:37:07,"A Burbank restaurant that defied lockdown orders has threatened to take the city to the Supreme Court, saying small business owners 'were left to die'",https://www.businessinsider.com/burbank-restaurant-supreme-court-california-los-angeles-lockdown-tinhorn-flats-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. A restaurant owner in Burbank, California, has threatened to take the city to the Supreme Court after it cut off its power supply for defying both state and county lockdown orders. But the restaurant has said it will continue to serve customers using its own generator. Its owner Baret Lepejian told Insider that it would ""never comply"" with lockdown orders. But the Los Angeles County Department of Public Health received dozens of complaints saying that Tinhorn Flats was still offering outdoor dining. Lepejian told Insider there was ""zero science and zero sense"" behind the lockdown orders. ""With zero compensation, we (small business restaurant owners) were left to die,"" Lepejian said in a written statement. ""Instead of going into certain major debt, I instead decided that Tinhorn Flats would open outside."" He added that staff wore masks and the restaurant kept indoor dining facilities closed. The Los Angeles County Department of Public Health suspended and then revoked the restaurants' public-health permit after it ignored multiple orders to stop outdoor dining. Lepejian told Insider the department made the decision ""solely on the grounds of their illegal and unconstitutional rules and regulations."" Reacquiring the permit would cost Tinhorn Flats ""thousands of dollars, take months, and tremendous amounts of California red tape,"" he added. ""I simply will NEVER comply,"" Lepejian said. ""I will never pay fines or penalties for 'crimes' I never committed. I will take this to the Supreme Court if need be. ... I will not be bullied by a clueless state government and local city council that is basing everything strictly on fear and control instead of any health considerations."" ""I donated because I believe in freedom of choice,"" another donor said. ""I will always support the perils of freedom over the perceived security of government."" Lockdown measures have sparked a bigger wave of coronavirus-related litigation covering everything from individual businesses to industries, lawmakers, and governments. 
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",436,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886369660,2021-03-23 09:28:31,Entrepreneur hopes to make Appalachia hub for indoor farming,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/entrepreneur-hopes-to-make-appalachia-hub-for-indoor-farming/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886348406,2021-03-23 09:35:24,Do You Qualify For $1 Billion Of Student Loan Cancellation?,https://www.forbes.com/sites/zackfriedman/2021/03/23/do-you-qualify-for-1-billion-of-student-loan-cancellation/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"President Joe Biden cancels $1 billion of student loans (Photo by Scott Eisen/Getty Images) Do you qualify for $1 billion of student loan cancellation? Here’s what you need to know. To qualify for the $1 billion of student loan cancellation, you must meet the following criteria: If you’re not one of the 72,000 student loan borrowers but you shared a similar experience with your college or university, you may be able to get your federal student loans cancelled under borrower defense to student loan repayment forgiveness. Here’s how: The following are examples that could get you student loan cancellation under borrower defense to student loan payment: If you don’t qualify for the $1 billion of student loan cancellation, there are other ways to qualify for student loan forgiveness. For example, you can get your student loans cancelled through an income-driven repayment plan or public service loan forgiveness. Both these programs offer tax-free student loan cancellation. Public service loan forgiveness already included tax-free student loan cancellation, while the new stimulus package, the American Rescue Plan of 2021, makes student loan forgiveness through income-driven repayment tax-free through December 31, 2025. If you’re waiting for student loan cancellation, there’s no official timetable to get student loan forgiveness. There’s also no guarantee that your student loans will get cancelled. Therefore, make sure you have a student loan game plan in place today so you have a clear path for student loan repayment. Here are some potential options to consider to save money: ",249,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886378241,2021-03-23 08:05:00,The Fed: Dallas Fed’s Kaplan says he sees first interest rate hike next year,http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?guid=%7B21005575-02D4-D4B5-4572-D32CA1809F92%7D&siteid=rss&rss=1,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,"Dallas Federal Reserve President Robert Kaplan said Tuesday that he was one of four Fed officials who have penciled in the first benchmark interest-rate hike next year at the Fed’s policy meeting last week.  While the majority of Fed officials don’t see a rate hike until after 2023, the latest Fed “dot plot” of benchmark interest rate forecasts showed four officials expect the first hike next year and seven see lift-off by 2023. “There were some dots starting increases in 2022 and I am one of those dots,” Kaplan said in an interview on CNBC.  Kaplan forecast inflation would rise to 2.25 -2.5% rate this year, before it settled down in 2022.  Kaplan said inflation is defined as year-after-year increases in prices and this was not his “base case” forecast. The Dallas Fed president, who is not a voting member this year, said he sees strong 6.5% growth this year and the unemployment rate falling to 4%. Kaplan stressed he wants to see “actual evidence” that his forecast was going to unfold before pulling back from the Fed’s easy money policy stance. “I need to see outcomes, not just strong forecasts,” he said.  “We’re still in the midst of the pandemic right now,” he added. The Fed is buying $120 billion per month of Treasurys and mortgage-backed securities and has said it would continue the purchases until it saw “substantial further progress” in meeting its goals of maximum employment and stable 2% inflation. Kaplan said he wouldn’t forecast when this condition might be met. “I am going to stay away from calendar estimates,” he said.  “I am going to be on my front foot and watching how the economy unfolds and being prepared to act as the economy meets those benchmarks,” he said. The Dallas Fed president said he would not support additional monetary easing to suppress yields on the long-end of the Treasury yield curve unless there were “extraordinary circumstances.” “I have been one who has been saying for most of this year that I would expect the 10-year to back up further from here – and that means 1.75 – 2%,” he said. “I don’t see why as we recover that the 10-year rate won’t back up further. I think that will be a healthy signal, not an alarming signal. And not one I would be an advocate of getting in the way of,” he said.  The Biden administration framed its vaccine mandate for private employers in life-and-death terms Monday in a legal filing that sought to get the requirement back on track after it was halted by a federal court. Greg Robb is a senior reporter for MarketWatch in Washington. Follow him on Twitter @grobb2000. ",455,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886373432,2021-03-23 09:41:45,Why Conscious Businesses Will Lead The Next Paradigm Shifts,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbescoachescouncil/2021/03/23/why-conscious-businesses-will-lead-the-next-paradigm-shifts/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty Conscious businesses — or as I say, ""businesses with soul"" — are gaining steam among company leaders and employees who wish to make a difference in the world. They want to connect with their sense of purpose and the greater social consciousness to create new business models and initiatives that will benefit others. Essentially, conscious businesses find new ways to express their essential values through their work and promote the most significant benefits across all stakeholders. This concept isn't new, of course. Social enterprise trends started decades ago, expanding in different directions as social responsibility, eco-friendly and sustainability-minded businesses. In 2021, after sharing the global experience of a pandemic, we're seeing another paradigm shift where people are open to thinking about business in a new way. People are connecting with each other, exploring their passions and helping each other earn a living. That's why conscious businesses will lead the significant shifts in our business world in the coming years. Here are the trends I'm seeing: People are beginning to understand and agree that there are enough resources, money and abundance in the world to take care of everyone — if we make it a priority. Gone are the days of nonprofit leaders flying in jets to a big event or living a sparse life for the sake of it. Instead of extremes, we can take care of each other on a spectrum of human experience. Such collaboration requires a give and take from everyone involved. If we rewrite the formula for business operations, we can discuss how each person contributes, so everyone has enough to live and feel safe. It's mutually advantageous to explore how to contribute to the organization based on our talents and interests in ways that are important to everyone. There'd be much less tolerance for greed, monopolies and short-term profits. We can then collectively and more responsibly provide for our future generations. Under this progressive model, people's hierarchy of needs are the priority, and conscious businesses move us in that direction. Conscious businesses must shift to reflect the social consciousness of the culture and time that they are born within. By their very nature, these companies are agile and able to embrace new ideas. For instance, in my business, it's important to apply critical analysis to societal constructs to think outside of the box, exit the box and become inspired.  Essentially, conscious businesses forge new pathways that may not be visible or apparent in this present moment. It can be challenging to embrace change, though it's necessary for innovation and growth. We've seen powerful forward motion in discussions around fundamental topics such as race, gender identity, ability and sexual orientation. These conversations came from conscious leaders and businesses willing to exemplify new constructs before anyone else could believe it was possible. During a global pandemic and period of political upheaval, people have reconsidered the aspects of life that matter most to them. They're prioritizing health and family, rethinking what work they want to do, and looking for more ways to infuse purpose and meaning into their everyday lives. As consumers — and all types of stakeholders — continue to question their old patterns and investigate systems for new answers and ways of living, businesses are compelled to follow suit. In particular, conscious businesses tend to expand beyond the familiar constructs, systems or institutions to imagine what's possible. For instance, when we attempt to use the same constructs to create change, we're likely still tethered to the very system we want to transform. In contrast, conscious businesses are informed by current systems while developing innovative approaches. They operate based on successful business models while engaging in unconventional methods and abstract exploration to allow innovation. We've long neglected the intangible aspects of the vision, mission and relationships that move a business forward. We can see this change around us as we move forward. Conscious business allows for that space of conscientiousness to exist — after all, you can't call it a ""conscious"" business and be unconscious in your actions. To be conscientious in business, all stakeholders in an organization must have honest conversations with each other. We must continue to create more business environments where it's safe to hold each other accountable when actions or words are incongruent with the business mission, vision or professed values. Candid conversations can be tough, but we're seeing the conscious shift now. It's inspiring to witness businesses, nonprofit organizations, and institutions make genuine changes to their operations and boardrooms to better align with their missions for more significant social impact. At various levels within these groups, conscientious people connect, make transformative choices, and encourage others around them to support expansive visions. We'll continue to see these calls for transparency, integrity, leadership and inclusive culture as people share open dialogues and find new ways to work together. Conscious enterprises build up their people, nurture potential and build by fostering respect and solidarity behind a mission of which everyone can feel part. Without it, we lose sight of inclusive, long-term benefits and focus on immediate and exclusionary results and profits. The great news is that the world is calling for more conscious businesses, which are on the rise and redefining ""success."" Now is the time to take the long view and reaffirm your purpose, along with your commitment to greater social impact through conscious business. ",893,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886370372,2021-03-23 09:52:39,Meghan McCain apologized for defending Trump's use of 'China virus' after John Oliver called her out,https://www.businessinsider.com/meghan-mccain-apologized-using-term-trump-china-virus-john-oliver-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. Addressing this on the latest episode of his show, ""Last Week Tonight,"" John Oliver called out McCain for defending Trump's rhetoric directly linking the virus to people of Asian descent. Oliver pointed out that McCain posted a tweet that said ""Stop Asian Hate"" after the Atlanta shootings but during a March 2020 episode of ""The View"" had defended use of the term ""China virus."" ""I think if the left wants to focus on PC labeling this virus, it is a great way to get Trump reelected,"" McCain said at the time. ""I don't have a problem with people calling it whatever they want. It's a deadly virus that did originate in Wuhan. ""I don't have a problem with it, and I think China, had they acted right away, and we had more access to information, maybe it wouldn't have gotten to the place that it is."" Oliver ripped into McCain for those comments. 
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",274,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886369649,2021-03-23 09:29:11,Arrest made in white powder hoax,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/arrest-made-in-white-powder-hoax/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886328972,2021-03-23 04:30:56,Killing the filibuster becomes new ‘litmus test’ for Democratic candidates,https://www.politico.com/news/2021/03/23/filibuster-democrats-senate-midterms-477573,en,False,,18268,Politico,https://www.politico.com/,"But that framing of the issue also hands Republicans a potent weapon next fall.  
Pennsylvania state Rep. Malcolm Kenyatta, 30, is one of the 2022 U.S. Senate candidates who is in favor of eliminating the filibuster. | Andrew Harnik/AP Photo 03/23/2021 04:30 AM EDT Link Copied Senate Democrats lack the votes right now to scrap the filibuster. The midterms may change that. In three of the most competitive Senate races, Democratic candidates are already campaigning on killing the Senate’s 60-vote requirement for most bills, placing the chamber’s arcane rules at the forefront of the nascent 2022 midterms. Those reform-minded Democrats are running on voting rights legislation, a minimum wage increase and background checks for gun purchases, arguing that they're only possible through a simple majority vote in the Senate. If Democrats can expand their 50-seat majority by two or three seats, moderate Sens. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) and Kyrsten Sinema (D-Ariz.) will no longer hold so much sway in a caucus increasingly interested in gutting the chamber’s supermajority threshold once and for all. “I would be surprised if there’s anyone in any of these [competitive] states... that would support maintaining the filibuster,” said Democratic Pennsylvania Lt. Gov. John Fetterman, who is pursuing his party’s nomination for a Senate seat up for grabs next year. “Getting rid of the filibuster is as close to a litmus test for our party as I can describe.” It’s basically impossible in 2022 for Democrats to pick up 10 seats and secure a filibuster-proof majority, given the Senate's current 50-50 split and their limited number of pick-up opportunities across the country. But snatching open seats in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin or North Carolina next fall while holding on elsewhere is a plausible way for Democrats to squash the legislative filibuster in 2023, provided they hold their House majority as well. Both of the announced Senate candidates in Wisconsin, Milwaukee Bucks executive Alex Lasry and Outagamie County Executive Tom Nelson, are running on an anti-filibuster platform. Lasry said it’s a “relic of the past.” In the aftermath of last week’s mass shooting in Georgia that killed eight people, political leaders and the Asian American community are grieving and calling for justice. Democratic contenders running against the filibuster see their position as a no-brainer because the need to win 60 votes is barring the party from achieving longtime goals that are objectively more possible with a simple majority ruling the day in the Senate. But that framing of the issue also hands Republicans a potent weapon next fall. They can argue that, in the midterms, even a single Senate seat can make the difference between a historic change to the fabric of the U.S. government and a system where the minority party still has the power to stop legislation it finds objectionable. Chris Hartline, a spokesperson for the National Republican Senatorial Committee, said Democrats are campaigning on “eliminating the filibuster so they can enact the most radical legislative agenda in history.” “The Democrat agenda which they could accomplish at 51 is an agenda that is very out of the mainstream where most Americans are,” said Senate Minority Whip John Thune (R-S.D.). “I do think that’s something that would resonate with voters.” Still, Democrats don’t see the downside to their position. Asked about GOP efforts to run as a check on the Democrats and as protectors of the filibuster, Fetterman replied: “promise?” Though both Sinema and Manchin have said they can’t be swayed on the filibuster, it’s also technically possible that they could change their mind if Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell builds a wall of opposition for the next 20 months. Even if Democrats were to get rid of the 60-vote requirement unilaterally, via “the nuclear option,” the midterms would still be a referendum on the wisdom of changing the Senate’s rules to pass party-line legislation. Even with the odds stacked against them in a 50-50 Senate, the “battle for the filibuster is right now,” said Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.). “Big, core Democratic issues like access to the vote, corruption, gun safety, climate change — we can’t address those things unless we use a majority vote.” Candidates said the issue is already coming up on the trail. Voters are “hostile” to the filibuster, Jackson said. He did not outright endorse getting rid of the 60-vote threshold but said it should not be a roadblock to passing legislation on voting rights. “If we allow the filibuster to take down major priority items like civil rights legislation, then it would be a major drag on 2022,” Jackson said. It’s still a year before even the earliest primary contests, and Democratic primaries will grow more crowded. But the anti-filibuster positioning from early candidates cements once-obscure Senate rules as a front-and-center issue for primary voters. And running in a Democratic primary field without opposing the filibuster could prove difficult. “Democrats ought to be for getting shit done for people. And if somebody is still talking about how much they love the filibuster, then I want to hear their argument how we get things done for people,” Kenyatta said. Democrats’ big goals often clash with the simple math problem presented by the filibuster. The Green New Deal and Medicare for All dominated the party’s presidential primary last year. Yet even after Democrats emerged with a sweep of Washington, they're short of votes in the Senate to pass even relatively modest immigration bills. “That’s where I think a lot of voter frustration is. Democrats are running on, ‘Hey, we’re going to do all these things,’” Lasry said. “We get all three branches of government and we can’t do anything because of this supermajority rule that the Constitution doesn’t even have."" The issue may be more resonant in Democratic primaries than in general elections in some swing states. Rep. Stephanie Murphy (D-Fla.), who is exploring a challenge to GOP Sen. Marco Rubio, declined to comment and said the filibuster was a Senate matter. But the two Senate Democrats in next year's toughest reelection races notably are entertaining efforts to change the filibuster. Sen. Mark Kelly (D-Ariz.) said he would weigh any changes to the Senate rules against “how this affects my constituents in Arizona, and is this good for our country or not?” Sen. Raphael Warnock (D-Ga.) put it this way: “I’m really focused on passing these voting rights bills. We’ve got to pass them, whether we get rid of the filibuster or not.” Filibuster talk has captivated the Senate for weeks, a fixation that will only heighten if Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer puts up House-passed bills on guns, immigration, voting rights and LGBTQ protections only to see them sunk for lack of 60 votes. The resulting focus on the filibuster will only make the issue more politically resonant. Steven Law, the president of Senate Leadership Fund, a McConnell-aligned super PAC, said he expected to see paid advertising on the issue next year regardless of what happens to the filibuster this Congress. “Every day that the news is filled with discussions about Democrats getting rid of the filibuster and talking about what they might pass if they could do it, it just makes it a much stronger issue going into this next cycle,” Law said. “It’s political malpractice for Democrats to think about scrapping the filibuster when they’ve got a 50-50 Senate.” Olivia Beavers contributed to this report. Link Copied  © 2021 POLITICO LLC ",1231,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886328978,2021-03-23 04:30:34,‘A conversation that needs to happen’: Democrats agonize over ‘defund the police’ fallout,https://www.politico.com/news/2021/03/23/defund-the-police-democrats-477609,en,False,,18268,Politico,https://www.politico.com/,"A coalition of groups is examining the effect of GOP attacks on the issue as part of a larger post-mortem of the 2020 election. 
A demonstrator holds a sign that reads ""Defund the police"" during a protest march on July 30, 2020 in New York City. | John Minchillo/AP Photo 03/23/2021 04:30 AM EDT Link Copied As Democrats turn toward defending their congressional majorities next year, the party is running headlong into one important piece of unfinished business: the bitter debate over whether protesters’ push to defund the police seriously damaged their prospects in 2020. In private email exchanges and on public social media platforms, Democratic elected officials, operatives and aides continue to battle over whether the issue that has come to be known as simply “defund” is so radioactive that it nearly cost the party its majority — or whether it had any impact at all on the outcome. The competing efforts within the party to shape the narrative surrounding the issue could have far-reaching effects on how Democrats position themselves in the midterm elections. It could also influence their relationship with base voters who will be key to the party’s success in 2022, particularly Black people, Latinos and young Americans. What’s certain is that the party will have a rich body of research to draw from. Priorities USA, a top liberal super PAC, has surveyed voters on their attitudes about pulling money from police departments as well as racial justice. A coalition of outside groups is working with the Congressional Black Caucus, Congressional Hispanic Caucus and Congressional Progressive Caucus to examine the effect of the attacks on defunding the police as part of a larger post-mortem of the 2020 election. Black Lives Matter leaders are considering a formal response to moderates’ complaints about the demand. In the aftermath of last week’s mass shooting in Georgia that killed eight people, political leaders and the Asian American community are grieving and calling for justice. “Let me start off by saying this: The role of an activist is not the same as the role of a politician. That has been true of grassroots campaigns and activists’ campaigns since the beginning of time. It was true during the civil rights movement,” said Guy Cecil, chair of Priorities USA, during a recent briefing with reporters. “Having said that, in the aggregate, when you look at the totality of the election, ‘defund the police’ in the aggregate neither helped nor hurt the cause.” One analysis by a Democratic consultant, provided exclusively to POLITICO, measured the effectiveness of GOP attack ads on defunding the police. House candidates recently shared the report to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, according to a person familiar with their communications. Matthew Weaver, an adviser for battleground Rep. Matt Cartwright (D-Pa.), said he conducted the study because he wanted to look at it in “a very rigorous and statistical way,” as opposed to via anecdotes, “which is where a lot of the debate seems to be right now.” His findings: The GOP attack ads accusing Democrats of wanting to strip resources from cops were not any more powerful than other TV spots run by Republicans. On the other hand, Democratic ads that refuted the GOP’s claims that they were looking to defund the police made a difference: Those candidates who aired such spots performed better than President Joe Biden by 1.5 percentage points for every 1,000 gross ratings points — a measure of advertising impact — run. The lesson, Weaver said, is that “not addressing certain false allegations explicitly and head-on is a strategic error that many cannot afford to make.” But only a quarter of House Democratic candidates in the most contested races countered the GOP’s blitz on broadcast television, he said. The DCCC may be part of the reason why. During the 2020 election, some at the committee advised Cartwright not to reply on TV because candidates should “never repeat a negative,” said a person close to the conversations. With the help of a former local police chief who backed him up, Cartwright ultimately shot down the ‘defund’ idea in ads anyway, and he won his competitive district by nearly four points; Biden lost it by more than four. The DCCC is now under new leadership: New York Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney became chair after the election. Helen Kalla, a spokesperson for the DCCC, did not respond directly to questions about the discussions with Cartwright or where it stands now on the issue. As for its preparations for attacks over defunding the police in the future, she said, “We expect that Republicans will continue spreading lies and misinformation about our candidates and their positions, and Democrats will be ready to combat those Republican lies and make clear to voters where they stand.” Cartwright, an attorney by trade, said that he decided to respond to his opponent’s negative ads because he decided they were a “kill shot — an attack, which if believed by the decision-maker, either a jury or, in politics, the voter, will end your chance of success.” He called Weaver’s analysis “fascinating.” Cartwright confirmed that “there were voices at the DCCC who were giving the archetypal ‘when you’re responding, you’re losing’ advice.” But once he explained, for instance, the large number of lawn signs in his district expressing support for police — including in yards without any campaign signs at all — others at the committee supported his efforts to push back. “Once they got the picture,” Cartwright said, ""they were all in."" Some of Priorities USA’s findings were similar to Weaver’s. During a Zoom briefing with reporters last week, Cecil said the net effect of Republican attack ads over defunding the police was neither negative nor positive. “Certainly there are people that respond negatively to defund the police. There are people that respond in our surveys — by the way, of all races, all income brackets, that respond negatively to defund the police,” he said. “What's also true is that the activism and the energy and the attention that was brought to this issue, without a doubt, led to more votes, and more voters coming into the fold for the first time.” Another item from Priorities USA’s research demonstrates how potent Democrats’ response to this issue and racial justice could be in the midterms: Asked about their decision to go to the polls, 91 percent of new Biden voters said ""they wanted someone that would address racism and stand up for racial justice,” said Cecil. Many activists say they are not arguing for the wholesale elimination of police funding but rather the reallocation of resources. The partnership of centrist and liberal groups examining the impact of the call to remove funding from the police, along with other hot-button issues such as socialism and the Green New Deal, includes Third Way, Collective PAC, Latino Victory Fund and End Citizens United. No conclusions from the report have been made yet, and it will be finished around the end of May, said Matt Bennett, a co-founder of Third Way. At the same time, Black Lives Matter activists are discussing the possibility of holding a press conference or making some other kind of formal response to moderates’ claims, said Maurice Mitchell, national director of the Working Families Party and a leader in the Movement for Black Lives coalition. They considered the option last year but deprioritized it because they were busy in the aftermath of former President Donald Trump’s efforts to overturn the election as well as the insurrection at the Capitol, he said. “I do think that there is a conversation that needs to happen that puts Democrats on notice around what our movement would consider harmful to our efforts in their efforts to push back on these attacks,” he said. “If they buttress themselves with law enforcement validators and tried to prove that they were more law-and-order than Republicans, then what you're doing is you're ceding and you’re re-ascribing these far-right myths that make it harder for Democrats and harder for people in general to be able to critique and challenge what is by most measures a failing criminal legal system.” Link Copied  © 2021 POLITICO LLC ",1361,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886327233,2021-03-23 09:00:00,"Remote Work Is Here To Stay, But The Future Is Hybrid",https://www.forbes.com/sites/surveymonkey/2021/03/23/remote-work-is-here-to-stay-but-the-future-is-hybrid/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Together with Zoom we identified key themes that characterize last year and the attitudes among workers toward the road ahead. Together with Zoom we identified key themes that characterize last year and the attitudes among workers toward the road ahead. While the “workplace as we knew it” will be more online and remote, the data shows that people are craving the in-person experience as well. Here’s why the future is hybrid. Collaboration tools enable better work Leading up to the 21st century, the world proliferated its technology into the intricate web of collaborative tools that we use today. While formerly our reliance on tech varied by profession, the pandemic threw a curveball on everyone’s ability to connect. Our research found that 58% of those who’ve been working from home recently say they are now using workplace collaboration tools more than they were a year ago. Office closures left a gap among knowledge/office workers that, given the recent tides in enterprise tech, only companies like Zoom, Salesforce, and SurveyMonkey could fill.  SurveyMonkey’s analysis and collaboration features also remove the workload of sifting through insights to reach decisions. Sentiment analysis and shared dashboards help ensure that key stakeholders are informed and worker sentiment is tracked as it evolves. There is an appetite for connection With the continued remote work model, there’s equally a growing need for connection across technology. In office or out, the discovery and availability of information has always been on the table, and the ability to seamlessly connect the dots makes life much easier. For tech companies, this puts the impetus on offering enterprise-grade tools with robust integrations. In SurveyMonkey’s case, this means enabling crucial feedback data to be tied to various workflows. Our Enterprise solution offers more than 100 data and API integrations to tackle this and looks forward to connecting the dots for more industries. If we lost you there, think of this in terms of people: there’s a reason that teamwork leads to better outcomes. The answer to better collaboration across distributed teams rests in leveraging better integrations and pre-built solutions. Conclusion: the future is hybrid Among those who have been able to work from home, here are a few more stats advocating for the hybrid workplace: Whatever evolving circumstances are in store, ask for input from your key stakeholders to inform your next steps. There’s no better time to start democratizing feedback.  ",398,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886327237,2021-03-23 09:00:00,‘For Queen And Country’ Drives Famke Janssen’s Character In ‘The Vault’,https://www.forbes.com/sites/adawson/2021/03/23/for-queen-and-country-drives-famke-janssens-character-in-the-vault/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"The robbery is set to take place at the single moment in history when the bank, an impenetrable architectural monstrosity, might become vulnerable for just over an hour during the finale of the 2010 Soccer World Cup, where Spain is facing off against the Netherlands. With more than half a million fans going crazy watching the giant screens hanging along the Plaza de Cibeles of Madrid, directly in front of the bank, it makes for the perfect cover for the heist crew. Angela Dawson: How has your life changed over the past year? Have you been able to work through the pandemic? Dawson: You have scenes with Liam Cunningham and Sam Riley. How was it working with them? Did you know either of them prior? Dawson: That’s probably helpful in your line of work. Dawson: Walter (played by Cunningham) and your character, Margaret, have an interesting relationship. They’ve known each other a long time and their friendship is tested as she is loyal to queen and country and he regards friendship above all else. So, there’s that conflict that comes up regarding what’s to be done with the treasure if it is retrieved. There also seems to be a possibility for a sequel. What do you think? Dawson: It must be challenging now to keep your schedule straight because there seems to be so many moving parts. How do you cope with the uncertainty? Dawson: As a woman, do you feel you have to go the extra mile to make your projects happen? ",254,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886327243,2021-03-23 09:00:00,This High School Student Invented An Eye-Tracking Test To Detect Brain Disorders,https://www.forbes.com/sites/carolineseydel/2021/03/23/this-high-school-student-invented-an-eye-tracking-test-to-detect-brain-disorders/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Alay Shah, 17, of Plano West Senior High School, Plano, Texas, placed in the top ten at the 2021 Regeneron Science Talent Search by designing an eye-tracking algorithm that can detect neurological diseases. As the seventh place winner, Shah receives a prize of $70,000.  His device collects two types of data: the how the eye is moving and what the person is looking at. This allows the eye-tracker to detect both physical symptoms, like a tremor, and cognitive or psychiatric symptoms, such as wandering attention. He successfully demonstrated that the system can distinguish eye movement patterns among patients with Parkinson’s disease, multiple sclerosis, ADHD, or dementia. When he was in ninth grade, Shah noticed that after a football player took a hard hit on the field, he would have a quick eye test on the sidelines, to check for a concussion. It occurred to Shah that it must be difficult for the team doctor to observe subtle changes in eye movement amid the swirling chaos of a noisy stadium. Plus, he wondered, why not use eye tracking to diagnose other brain problems? He decided to try to build a portable, inexpensive eye tracking device that could detect neurological abnormalities. “I was really interested, but I had no knowledge of how to build this thing,” he recalls. To learn the principles of computer science and artificial intelligence, he worked through online programs, such as Coursera or MIT’s OpenCourseWare. He added to his skills as he went along. “I’m a big believer in project-based learning,” he says. “By just jumping into something as difficult as an eye tracker was, and kind of scrapping it together, by the time it was finished, I learned a lot.” He built a headset that points two cameras directly into the eyes and added a sensor that captures an image of the whole face. Then, he developed several different algorithms to process the data.  “I took a look at the current eye tracking standard and I used a combination of a set of intelligent algorithms to redefine eye tracking at its core,” Shah explains. The first algorithm tracks the movement of the pupil, taking into account that the eye is round, not flat. In other words, as a person looks from side to side, the center of the eye is moving not just left and right, but slightly backward and forward, as it traces its curved path. By accounting for this curvature, Shah’s tools tracks the eye’s position more accurately than many existing systems. The second part is “gaze estimation,” or determining what the person is looking at. This is an important diagnostic consideration, because how a person takes in visual information can be indicative of certain psychological traits. Shah’s algorithm calculates the relative positions of the pupil and the iris, compared with a reference point created by shining an LED on the corner of the eye. From this, it generates a set of points that estimate where the person is looking. The algorithm analyzes the eye movement data over time, identifying patterns and allowing for categorization of different types of movement. “This is how I know Parkinson’s patients have tremors, or ADHD patients may have trouble tracking dots that are moving in a line,” he explains. “In each disorder, my algorithm found a really specific pattern that can help us diagnose the disorder,” he says.  Eye tracking could eventually provide a useful measurement for building a neurological diagnosis. Shah is working with investors to develop a portable system to identify concussions, which could be useful in the military or on the football field, where doctors need to make split second decisions with limited information and resources. It could also improve diagnostics in underfunded hospitals, where MRIs aren’t accessible for all patients. “I’m trying to democratize brain health care,” Shah says.  Alay Shah Shah’s advice to other young scientists is if you believe in your project, don’t give up, even if experts don’t think it will work. “When I started on this project in 9th grade, I was met with a lot of criticism on what eye tracking can or can’t do,” he recalls. At that time, he acknowledges, his system was still slow, buggy and inaccurate. “I decided to stick with it because it was something I believed in,” he says. “A lot of times, you’re met with failure, but that one success can completely change everything.” ",736,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886378801,2021-03-23 10:08:58,Citigroup CEO Jane Fraser calls for Zoom-Free Fridays and new bank holiday as pandemic fatigue grows,https://www.cnbc.com/2021/03/23/citigroup-ceo-jane-fraser-calls-for-zoom-free-fridays.html,en,False,,1755,CNBC,http://www.cnbc.com/,"In this article Fraser, who took over for predecessor Mike Corbat this month, told staff of the changes in a memo sent Monday afternoon to her 210,000 employees around the world, according to a person with knowledge of the matter. Fraser said that while Zoom meetings with clients and regulators will still happen on Fridays, employees will conduct meetings over the telephone to give workers a break from nonstop videoconferences. She also designated Friday, May 28, as a firmwide holiday called Citi Reset Day and encouraged employees to only schedule calls during what would be considered traditional working hours. Parts of the memo were reported on earlier by Financial News. ""When our work regularly spills over into nights, very early mornings and weekends, it can prevent us from recharging fully, and that isn't good for you nor, ultimately, for Citi,"" Fraser said. She also laid the framework for what work will look like at Citigroup, the third-biggest U.S. bank by assets, once more employees return to offices. Like other bank leaders including Solomon, Fraser asserted the value in having employees, particularly junior ones, working together in an office setting. Most employees will be designated hybrid workers who spend at least three days a week in an office, while logging on from home up to two days a week, she said. Branch workers will continue to remain at Citigroup sites, and some roles will continue to be remote, although Fraser called those positions ""somewhat rare."" The pandemic ""has opened doors to new ways of working and shown that we are able to adapt to and even flourish amid adversity,"" Fraser said. ""Nothing should stop us from building a bank that wins, a bank that champions excellence and a bank with a soul."" Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. ",354,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886327239,2021-03-23 09:00:00,5 Smart Ways To Get The Most Tax-Free Retirement Income,https://www.forbes.com/sites/davidrae/2021/03/23/5-smart-ways-to-get-the-most-tax-free-retirement-income/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Millions of Americans are worried about running out of money in retirement. Boomers and Generation Xers are playing catch up to avoid having to drastically reduce their standards of living in retirement. Lowering your taxes on your retirement income and increasing your tax-free retirement income can help stretch those valuable retirement account dollars. Keep reading for five smart ways to get the most income, tax-free, in retirement.  As we are hopefully coming to the end of the Coronavirus recession, the government has doled out trillions of dollars in stimulus. Pair this with record deficits during the Trump years, and at some point, taxes will need to increase.  This alone should encourage you to be more proactive with your tax planning for retirement. Also, look for ways to ensure you have at least some tax-free income in retirement.  In the plainest terms, the more taxes you expect to owe in retirement, the more assets you will need to accumulate to generate the after-tax income you need to survive in retirement.  Think of the Roth IRA as the starter, tax-free retirement income account. You can put in $6,000, per year, ($7,000 if you are 50 or older). While you don't get a tax deduction for contributions, your money can grow tax-free and, most importantly, the money comes out tax-free at retirement.  You may ask, why don't I put all of my retirement savings into a Roth IRA? The main problem with a Roth IRA is the paltry contribution limits, paired with income limitations. If you are reading this, you will likely need to save more than $6,000, per year, in order to reach your retirement income needs.  If you contributed $6,000 each year from the time you were 22 until you reached the age of 65, and earned 10% each year, you would have more than $3.55 million. If you did that until you were 70, that number would jump to more than $5.76 million. That's the magic of compounding interest at its best, which you could then turn into tax-free income.  Flip this and say you started at 40 years old, contributing $6,000 every year to a Roth IRA. At 65, assuming 10% returns, you would have $590,000. A nice number for sure, but even without taxes, this wouldn't produce enough income for average Americans to maintain their standards of living in retirement. The Roth option can be an excellent feature if your employer's retirement plan allows it. Similar to a Roth IRA, your growth and withdrawals are tax-free. The difference is that you have the ability to contribute up to $19,500, per year, as well as a $6,500 catch-up (if you are 50 years of age or older). You will pay taxes on the contributions, but there aren't income restrictions for these plans. Municipal Bonds and Funds   Muni Bonds are the most investment-specific of these tax-free income options. You will need to decide if these bonds fit your investment needs. The short overview is that income distribution from these bonds is not subject to federal income taxes, but they may still be subject to state income taxes. For this reason, the interest rates these bonds pay are generally lower than that of taxable bonds. These bonds also have various investment and reinvestment risks, especially now that we are in a rising rate environment. Tax Season is a reminder to look at the amount of Tax-Free income you can recieve in retirement.  Health Savings Accounts offer the triple whammy of tax-free income. You can get a tax deduction for contributions, growth, and, if taken properly, withdrawals are also tax-free. You will need to have the appropriate type of health insurance in order to use this type of account, and investment options may be limited in some plans. This account is meant to be used to pay for current medical expenses, but you don't have to pay for them now. You could hold the HSA until retirement with the funds growing and compounding along the way. You could then reimburse yourself for all the medical expenses you paid over the years (make sure to keep your receipts). Expenses can include Medicare premiums. The drawback is that you can only contribute $3,600, per year, or $4,600, per year, if you are 55 or older. Biden Tax Law Changes may make tax-free retirement income even mor valuable in the future.  Cash Value Life Insurance You should think of life insurance as another asset class for your retirement and tax planning. Essentially, you can set up this account like a Roth IRA without income or contribution limits. You won't get a tax deduction for your premiums, but the money will grow tax-free. If handled properly, it will come out tax-free. Also, these accounts won't incur IRS penalties for withdrawals before you reach 59 ½. This can be a huge bonus for people looking to retire early. The life insurance portion can also help ensure your spouse can retire comfortably if something happens to you before retirement. I have spoken with quite a few people in the past year (as you can imagine) who have had a spouse pass (way ahead of retirement age). The only bright light is that they will all be ok, financially, because of proceeds from life insurance. The benefit also comes out tax-free.  Be proactive and develop a plan to reach your financial goals, including a comfortable retirement income stream. Diversification of taxation in retirement can help you minimize taxes owed in retirement. Especially if you plan on selling a home, business, or will be receiving an inheritance, talk with your financial planner today about how to plan ahead to pay the fewest taxes on your life savings as you approach retirement. ",960,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886327234,2021-03-23 09:00:00,Sports Card Marketplace Dibbs Raises $2.8 Million As NFT Mania Hits Collectibles Industry,https://www.forbes.com/sites/brettknight/2021/03/23/dibbs-sports-cards-nft-seed-funding/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Dibbs, an app that allows users to trade fractional interests in sports cards, has raised $2.8 million in seed funding. Money is pouring into the sports card industry, and it’s not just card sellers who are benefiting. Dibbs, an app that allows users to trade fractional interests in sports cards in real time, will announce today that it has secured $2.8 million in seed funding, led by Courtside Ventures. Other investors in the round include Founder Collective, JDS Sports and Sports Card Investor, as well as former NBA player Channing Frye, WHOOP founder Will Ahmed and Flatiron Health cofounder Nat Turner, a notable name in the sports card industry. Dibbs, which was founded in September and is currently in beta, with about 4,500 users having signed up and another 35,000 or so on a waitlist, is aiming to officially launch next month. The money from this new round will help the Los Angeles-based startup expand overseas, in part by pushing deeper into sports like soccer, tennis and golf, and investigate opportunities with physical cards, purely digital cards and hybrids of the two. That industrywide surge came as a surprise even to Evan Vandenberg, Dibbs’ CEO and cofounder, who began formulating the idea for the startup well before the pandemic, when he was working in business development at the blockchain company Worldwide Asset eXchange and brought in Topps as a partner for a digital set of Garbage Pail Kids cards. Vandenberg, 31, expresses some frustration at the blockchain mania. “It seems like every day there’s some new NFT project popping up,” he says with a sigh, describing most as having no real utility. But he believes the technology can help set his app apart—and is overdue in the card space, which has long resisted innovation. Dibbs creates NFTs, or non-fungible tokens, corresponding to individual cards and fractionalizes them, allowing users to buy or sell small stakes in cards that might otherwise be prohibitively expensive. The cards are kept in a third-party vault until a user accumulates enough of an interest to buy out the other stakeholders and claim ownership. Higher-value cards are released on the platform through so-called drops so Dibbs can limit how much any one user can buy, with a maximum of 5% per card per user to this point. That makes for a livelier secondary market, encouraging users to trade back and forth among themselves. “We would rather 10,000 people own one little piece of a card than one person own, or five people own that at 20% each,” Vandenberg says. Dibbs is doing two drops weekly, typically selling five to 12 cards each time with a total value ranging from $35,000 to more than $100,000. But the bulk of the app’s offerings are lower-value cards that head directly to the live market, worth hundreds of dollars as opposed to tens or hundreds of thousands. That contrasts with marketplaces like Rally Rd. that focus on big-ticket items, and it inspires more frequent trading, pumping needed liquidity into the market—and creating more revenue opportunities for an app that relies on trading fees.  “If you can do that at volume, you’ve got a pretty interesting platform,” says Vasu Kulkarni, a partner at Courtside Ventures, which focuses on sports, fitness and gaming startups at the seed and Series A stages and which contributed $1 million to the Dibbs round. Dibbs has experimented with buying cards it believes are undervalued and reselling them on its own platform—investing “probably a couple hundred thousand” to supplement the cards that were provided by the startup’s investors or independent sellers, Vandenberg says—and it is considering pursuing other possible revenue streams. That might include selling whole physical cards or partnering with an IP holder to release an exclusive set of cards—or, perhaps, adding support for other NFTs, like Top Shot. In the meantime, Dibbs, which has 12 full-time employees, will work to grow its market share in a suddenly crowded space. Is the number of new competitors intimidating? “Intimidating? Sure,” Vandenberg says. “Inspiring? To some degree, it gets our ass out of bed every morning ready to work, that’s for sure.” ",686,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886378235,2021-03-23 08:09:00,"London Markets: Cineworld shares slump following Warner Bros. deal, but theaters to open in time for ‘Godzilla vs. Kong’",http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?guid=%7B21005575-02D4-D4B5-4572-D32CC004F101%7D&siteid=rss&rss=1,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,"As the world emerges from the pandemic, analysts say the extent to which cinema demand will rebound is unclear, following a year that has seen a drastic shift in consumer behavior. “The deal with Warner Bros. should mitigate some of these concerns, and give it the edge over streaming giants for a period of time,” said Susannah Streeter, an analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown. “Deals like this are likely to provide the blueprint for the industry going forward, helping cinemas lure in fans eager to glue their eyes to new releases as soon as they can,” Streeter added. “The window though is small and so advertising spend may be forced to rise to get seats filled before films drift to devices.” The movie-theater chain also outlined its plans to reopen its American Regal cinemas in April for the first time in six months, linked to the opening of “Godzilla vs. Kong” and “Mortal Kombat.” Cineworld theaters in the U.K. — its second-largest market — will reopen in May under current government guidelines. “Equity benchmarks in Europe are in the red due to worries that some countries will defer their reopening plans due to new coronavirus-related restrictions,” said David Madden, an analyst at CMC Markets. “Rising COVID-19 case figures in a number of continental European countries has led to tougher measures being introduced in a bid to keep a lid on the virus.” German Chancellor Angela Merkel announced on Tuesday that the country would extend its national lockdown until April 18, with an even stricter shutdown in place from April 1 to April 5 over the Easter period. The Shiba Inu whale identified by crypto watchers as the investor who turned $8,000 into $5.7 billion is moving holdings around. A big sale could follow. Jack Denton is a reporter with Barron's Group in London. He writes about business and finance in Europe for Barron's and MarketWatch, with a particular focus on companies and regulation in the tech, media, and telecoms sectors. Jack Denton is a reporter with Barron's Group in London. He writes about business and finance in Europe for Barron's and MarketWatch, with a particular focus on companies and regulation in the tech, media, and telecoms sectors. ",367,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886373425,2021-03-23 09:41:45,"Unvaccinated Americans Socialize More—Could Cause New Covid Surge, Poll Suggests",https://www.forbes.com/sites/melissaholzberg/2021/03/23/unvaccinated-americans-socialize-more-could-cause-new-covid-surge-poll-suggests/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"45% of U.S. adults reported going out to eat in the last week (which is 12 points higher than the February survey). And 48% of Americans have seen friends or family outside of their homes, according to the Axios/Ipsos poll.  Vaccinated Americans are being more careful: 52% of unvaccinated adults have seen friends or family outside of their homes in the last week, while only 41% of vaccinated Americans did the same.  But vaccinations are up: Axios/Ipsos reports that nine in 10 of their survey respondents know someone who’s been vaccinated against Covid-19, and 36% of respondents had been vaccinated.  20%. That’s how many Americans will not get a Covid-19 vaccine, according to the new survey.  ",119,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886370333,2021-03-23 09:56:55,"The Turkish lira is facing an inflation spiral and its central bank may need 'outside help' to fight the crisis and regain foreign investors' trust, Commerzbank says",https://www.businessinsider.com/turkish-lira-inflation-crisis-central-bank-credibility-commerzbank-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886369641,2021-03-23 09:30:11,Did bad luck doom the dinosaurs?,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/did-bad-luck-doom-the-dinosaurs-1/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886378794,2021-03-23 09:19:39,"After a big first year, expect smaller and choppier gains from the rest of this bull market",https://www.cnbc.com/2021/03/23/after-a-big-first-year-expect-smaller-and-choppier-gains-from-the-rest-of-this-bull-market.html,en,False,,1755,CNBC,http://www.cnbc.com/,"In this article One year ago Tuesday, a new bull market was born. Powered by unprecedented stimulus, stocks crawled out of their deep pandemic rout and started sprinting. History indicates that after big bear market declines, strong bull markets usually follow with gains carrying into a second year. However, investors should expect a smaller return over the next 12 months with a choppier road to get there. Still, the first year's comeback rally is usually hard to top. Only in the aftermath of the 1987 crash did stocks advance more during year two than year one, according to the data. Plus, the second year of a new bull market is prone to pullbacks with an average drawdown of 10%, LPL said. The S&P 500 has bounced about 80% from its March bottom, marking the best start to a new bull market on record, LPL data showed. This historic beginning could open the door for sophomore slumps and more volatility on the horizon. ""Embarking on the second year of the current bull market could be just as exciting for investors, but it is easy to question if the strength will continue,"" said Lindsey Bell, chief investment strategist at Ally Invest. ""Think of the sports free agent who disappoints after scoring the nine-figure contract, or the sequel that just doesn't live up to the original."" The bull market was officially declared when the S&P 500 wiped out its pandemic losses and reached a record closing high on Aug. 18, then the beginning of a bull cycle was traced back to the market trough with the benefit of hindsight. Still, the ""black swan"" event of 2020 makes the current bull market one of a kind. Unlike the past few crises where the malfunction of the financial markets was the culprit, this time the downturn was triggered by a pandemic. And in contrast to the slow and steady recovery in the previous cycles, this rebound has been extraordinarily rapid, thanks to trillions of dollars of aid from Congress and the Federal Reserve. ""This is the first bull market that any of us have been through where it's been essentially manufactured by the government and by the Fed,"" said Tom Essaye, founder of Sevens Report. ""The huge stock gains didn't come organically. They were essentially decreed by the government taking on enormous amounts of debt and deficits to spur economic activity. That does change the outlook going forward."" While history is on the market's side, many believe that the lasting power of the new bull hinges on its ability to sustain the rally without massive amounts of stimulus. A new round of stimulus checks just started to hit Americans' bank accounts this month. Once the stimulus boost fades, Wall Street is betting that corporate earnings will then do the heavy lifting and keep the lofty promises that stock prices have made. At its current level, the S&P 500 is trading more than 21 times projections for next year's earnings, a level not seen since 2000, according to FactSet. ""You are essentially transitioning from a government-infused rally to what we hope would be an organically economically infused rally where the economy reopens and that in turn just feeds on itself,"" Essaye said. Biden has signaled his willingness to raise the corporate tax rate to 28% in a partial rollback of President Donald Trump's 2017 tax overhaul. Meanwhile, Biden also endorsed upping the top marginal tax rate to 39.6% and taxing capital gains and dividends at the higher ordinary income tax rate. Wells Fargo believes that corporate tax rates will rise but fall short of Biden's 28% proposal, and any damage from higher taxes will be softened by stronger corporate earnings. ""We believe record-level economic growth and fiscal spending will support higher profits, potentially offsetting the drag from a higher tax regime,"" Wells Fargo investment strategy analyst Ken Johnson said in a note. — With assistance from CNBC's Nate Rattner Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. ",715,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886378229,2021-03-23 08:12:00,: U.S. doubts hit AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccine just as Europe resumes its rollout,http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?guid=%7B21005575-02D4-D4B5-4572-D32CAA359198%7D&siteid=rss&rss=1,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,"For AstraZeneca, the continuous flow of mixed news about its shot has so far proved more of a public relations disaster than a medical one — all regulators it had submitted its vaccine to have approved it and recommended it so far. If Europeans look at the bright side, further delays of the U.S. regulator’s approval could mean that the millions of doses already made and stored in the U.S. could be send abroad and help deal with shortages. The jury at Kyle Rittenhouse's murder trial Tuesday watched drone video that showed Rittenhouse wheeling around and shooting Joseph Rosenbaum at close range during a night of turbulent protests on the streets of Kenosha. ",114,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886373420,2021-03-23 09:42:40,Child Tax Credit Expansion Creates Opportunity To Improve Child Development,https://www.forbes.com/sites/jackierocheleau/2021/03/23/child-tax-credit-expansion-creates-opportunity-to-improve-child-development/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Positive interactions with parents promote healthy brain development in children.  Poverty creates situations that disrupt child brain development. These disruptions aren't destiny, nor are they inevitable. Neurodevelopmental researchers have been studying the relationship between poverty and the brain for the past couple of decades, and know that education and positive interactions with caregivers can buffer children from the harms of poverty-induced stress. But supporting families in supporting their children requires money. These disruptions are largely a product of stress. Chronic activation of the stress system can impair brain and socioemotional development in young children and can lead to speech delays, motor delays or behavioral issues.  ""Children's stress levels were tied to their parents' stress levels,"" said Jones-Taylor, who is part of the national advisory team for RAPID-EC. ""And parents' stress levels were related to their lack of income."" Financial assistance could mitigate that stress.  ""That is going to have this incredible positive effect on addressing child poverty, especially among children of color,"" said Jones-Taylor.  Higher earning families — a single filer earning over $75,000, a head of household earning over $112,500 and joint filers earning over $150,000 — won't receive the full amount, with payments dropping by $50 for every $1,000 of income over the cutoff. The IRS is using 2019 or 2020 tax returns to calculate eligibility for this credit. ""That little amount of money can make a huge difference and you see it in the numbers,"" said Jones-Taylor. ""We will cut poverty among black children by 52%, 47% for Latino children and 37% for white children.""  Monthly payments would provide an income source families could use for rent, food or other needs, which could alleviate some of the stress caregivers are experiencing and create a healthier environment for developing children. ""That amount [$250 to $300]...is a huge game-changer for families.""  Before the pandemic began, one research team had already started testing the idea that monthly payments, $333 per month in this study ($4000 per year), wouldn't just help families financially, but would also spark changes in a child's developmental trajectory.  To see whether the child tax credit expansion could also influence development, the RAPID-EC group is planning to use the tax credit expansion as a natural experiment. ""This is an opportunity to go back and assess what happens when you're given some kind of relief through the tax credit,"" said Jones-Taylor. Currently, she said the group working on developing survey questions to gauge what kind of effect the tax credit might have on families and child development.  Dozens of studies have shown that for a number of reasons, living in poverty can adversely affect the development of a child's brain. For example, children of low socioeconomic status tend to experience more stress, poorer nutrition and more violent situations than children from wealthier families, which can lead to prolonged activation of a child's stress system. This leads to high levels of the stress-related hormone, cortisol, in the body which negatively influences brain development. In children, studies have also found associations between poverty and shrinkage in brain areas important for functions like decision-making and memory. (These effects are independent of race or gender.) Developmental downturns don't affect every child below a certain income threshold and they aren't permanent. The brain is adaptable, and education and positive interactions with supportive caregivers can buffer children from these effects. Providing families with financial support through the child tax credit, said Jones-Taylor, ""is an opportunity to make sure they don't happen in the first place."" Jones-Taylor hopes that the temporary child tax credit will become permanent. ""It's important for people to understand that poverty gets under the skin in young children,"" she said. ""It reshapes children's brains in ways that we do not want to see. And policies that prevent that will set children up for success."" ",640,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886379145,2021-03-23 07:00:35,There’s no migrant ‘surge’ at the U.S. southern border. Here’s the data.,https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2021/03/23/theres-no-migrant-surge-us-southern-border-heres-data/,en,False,,2,Washington Post,http://washingtonpost.com,"This post has been updated. As the blue line shows, CBP has recorded a 28 percent increase in migrants apprehended from January to February 2021, from 78,442 to 100,441. At the same time, CBP’s numbers reveal that undocumented immigration is seasonal, shifting upward this time of year. During fiscal year 2019, under the Trump administration, total apprehensions increased 31 percent during the same period, a bigger jump than we’re seeing now. We’re comparing fiscal year 2021 to 2019 because the pandemic changed the pattern in 2020. In 2018, the increase is about 25 percent from February to March — somewhat smaller but still pronounced. But was 2019 an aberration? In the figure below, we combine data from fiscal year 2012 to fiscal year 2020 to show the cumulative total number of apprehensions for each month over these eight years. As you can see, migrants start coming when winter ends and the weather gets a bit warmer. We see a regular increase not just from January to February, but from February to March, March to April, and April to May — and then a sharp drop-off, as migrants stop coming in the hotter summer months when the desert is deadly. That means we should expect decreases from May to June and June to July. What we’re seeing right now is a predictable seasonal shift. When the numbers drop again in June and July, policymakers may be tempted to claim that their deterrence policies succeeded. But that will just be the usual seasonal drop. In other words, in fiscal year 2021, it appears that migrants are continuing to enter the United States in the same numbers as in fiscal year 2019 — plus the pent-up demand from people who would have come in fiscal year 2020, but for the pandemic. That’s shown in the first figure, earlier, in which the blue trend line for the five months of data available for fiscal year 2021 (October, November, December, January and February) neatly reflects the trend line for fiscal year 2019 — plus the difference between fiscal year 2020 and fiscal year 2019. So have Biden administration policies caused a crisis at the southern border? Evidence suggests not. The Trump administration oversaw a record in apprehensions in fiscal year 2019, before the pandemic shut the border. This year looks like the usual seasonal increase, plus migrants who would have come last year but could not. Focusing on month-to-month differences in apprehensions is misleading; given seasonal patterns, each month should be considered in relation to the same month in previous years. Knowing those patterns, policymakers may be better able to plan, prepare and to manage the border. Don’t miss any of TMC’s smart analysis! Sign up for our newsletter.  Jesus Rojas Venzor is a PhD student in political science at the University of California at San Diego. Read more: Americans support releasing migrant children from detention and oppose family separation, new data shows Advocating for asylum-seeking children is traumatic, new research finds Biden is pursuing a pathway to citizenship for migrants already here. But who ‘deserves’ citizenship? Here’s why migrants who are sent back try to return The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning. ",540,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886370289,2021-03-23 09:59:01,"I know people dream of paying off their mortgage early, but after doing the math I'm taking my time",https://www.businessinsider.com/personal-finance/not-paying-off-mortgage-early-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. If you use that $100 for your loan, you would save four cents for every dollar over the next year, or a total of four dollars. But if you were to invest that $100 at 7% per year, every one of those dollars would get you seven cents. At the end of the year, you would make seven dollars. According to these numbers, you would be seven dollars better off from investing compared to just four dollars better off from an early mortgage payment. I know I would much rather make seven dollars than save four dollars. In this example, you would be three dollars better off per year from investing. Whether you have a $100 loan or a $1 million loan, the interest rate determines the cost per dollar you borrow. At my 3.25% cost, it doesn't matter what my balance is. The cost for every dollar I borrow will be 3.25%, or 0.0325 cents. If I can earn a higher interest rate with an investment than I pay for my loan, I am better off investing than paying off my loan early. The benefits here come from relief on your monthly cash flow. If you have a $1,000 monthly payment and pay off your mortgage, it will feel like getting a $1,000 monthly raise. That gives you a lot more wiggle room for investing and other financial priorities. For some people, living without a mortgage payment could be worth more than the potential investment gains they give up with early payments. That's perfectly fine. There are many great reasons to pay off your mortgage early. But for me, I'm following the numbers. They tell me to invest instead of prioritizing an early payoff, so that's exactly what I'm doing. Eric Rosenberg is a former bank manager and corporate finance and accounting professional-turned-finance, travel, and technology writer in Ventura, California. 
                            For you
                           ",376,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886369631,2021-03-23 09:31:12,Judge orders sale of Clippers to proceed,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/judge-orders-sale-clippers-proceed/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886378787,2021-03-23 10:00:00,Here's who stands to get rich from Deliveroo's IPO,https://www.cnbc.com/2021/03/23/deliveroo-ipo-who-stands-to-get-rich.html,en,False,,1755,CNBC,http://www.cnbc.com/,"LONDON — Deliveroo is planning to raise £1 billion ($1.38 billion) in its initial public offering next month when it is expected to debut on the London Stock Exchange. Deliveroo's IPO is set to make the company's top shareholders hundreds of millions. Some of them will offload some shares in the IPO but investors are planning to keep hold of most of them. The biggest individual winner will be Deliveroo CEO Will Shu. He owns 90,570,400 shares, or 6.1% of share capital. Following the IPO, he will own 115,227,441 shares, or 6.3% of share capital. He will also have over 50% of the voting rights. Assuming Deliveroo prices at £4.25 per share, the midpoint of the range, Shu's stake will be worth around £490 million after the IPO. It could, however, climb as high as £530 million if the pricing is at the top end of the range. Meanwhile, DST Global, which has also backed U.K. fintech Checkout, currently holds 148,676,600 shares, or 10.1% share capital. If Deliveroo prices at the mid-range then its stake will be worth £632 million at the time of the IPO. Both Index and DST Global are planning to sell around 15 million shares for roughly £60 million. Other VCs set to win big include Greenoaks, T. Rowe and Fidelity, who hold between 100 million and 150 million shares each. Their stakes will be worth around £500 million to £600 million each at the time of the IPO, depending on the pricing. Meanwhile, Bridgepoint and Accel hold stakes that will be worth almost £350 million if pricing is at the mid-range. Deliveroo's listing will take place on April 7. The stock ticker is currently unknown but options include ""ROO"" and ""DROO."" It comes after U.S. rival DoorDash was valued at $60 billion in an IPO on the New York Stock Exchange in December. Meanwhile, Grubhub was valued at just $5 billion when it went public in 2016. Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you. Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.  Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis. ",385,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886378222,2021-03-23 08:16:00,": 7 things NOT to buy with your $1,400 stimulus check",http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?guid=%7B21005575-02D4-D4B5-4572-D323D84B1F0B%7D&siteid=rss&rss=1,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,"Many Americans will put the money towards essential expenses such as food, rent/mortgage payments and utilities — but some Americans who already have those expenses covered might consider putting some of their stimulus money towards Bitcoin, a new car, vacations or new clothes. Americans have complete freedom to decide how they spend their stimulus checks, but consumer advocates advise caution on some tempting purchases.  But the demand stemming from stimulus checks will only push bitcoin’s value higher in the short-term, said James Ledbetter, editor of fintech newsletter FIN. That makes the cryptocurrency a riskier investment, he added. On top of that, “It would be sad and painful to see people end up losing this money that was designed to prop up the economy and get us out of COVID-induced recession,” Ledbetter said.  “Having said that, assuming your rent or mortgage is paid up and your family isn’t wanting for food or clothing, grown-up people have the right to invest their money however they wish — and the chances of losing ALL the money invested in Bitcoin is pretty small.” It may be tempting to say, “When I get my stimmy, I’m going to finally put down my first down payment for a car.” While the $1,400 check won’t cover the bulk of initial loan down payments most people pay for a car, even if it does, it’s still a good idea not to put it towards a car down payment, Georgiev said. “Your income hasn’t really changed — your debt-to-income ratio is still the same,” he said referring to the stimulus check funds. “By getting a loan on a new or used car, you actually are making yourself poorer.” When you take out a new loan, “you’re effectively working for someone else.” “The fact that you can afford a down payment doesn’t mean that you’re going to be getting ahead. It means that now your disposable income going forward is going to be even lower because interest payments.” But when it comes to summer excursions, consumers may actually get better rates for domestic trips if they hold off booking until mid-April or early May, said Adit Damodaran, an economist at Hopper, a travel-booking app. “Domestic airfare prices are currently averaging $240 round-trip,” Damodaran told MarketWatch based on Hopper data. He said he expects prices to “remain low until early May, increasing roughly 12% leading into the summer months to around $257 round-trip.” If you’re thinking about traveling internationally, you should keep in mind that the country you have your eye on could reinstitute a national lockdown that bars tourists from visiting, which is currently the case in Ireland and Italy. “But if you’re trying to book something now, especially to another country, you’re better off waiting until things return to normal again.” This time around, you should hold off on purchasing new spring clothes, said RetailMeNot’s shopping and trends expert, Sara Skirboll. “March is the official start to spring and retailers are currently stocking the shelves with new inventory that won’t be discounted for a few months into the spring and summer,” she added. “At this point in the year, unless you need a new phone, you’re better off waiting,” Ramhold said. “Apple will likely have its typical September event where it announces the successor to the iPhone 12. Once that happens, we can expect prices to drop at least a little bit on the iPhone 12, so it’s worth holding off for now.” (Apple didn’t respond to MarketWatch’s request for a comment.) With people working from home and spending more time at home, it obviously makes sense that folks want to be comfortable as the warm weather approaches. But that’s why this is the wrong time to buy outdoor furniture. Demand is high and so are prices. Outdoor furniture tends to go on sale around Memorial Day said Keith Jelinek, a managing director at Berkeley Research Group, an international financial consulting firm.  Clearance sales for patio furniture tend to begin in July. The U.S. residential outdoor furniture market is valued at approximately $1.8 billion, according to Statista. “Waiting, if you can would yield more for your money,” he said. 'All of my accounts have her as the beneficiary, and our will lists her to get everything we own if I should die.' Elisabeth Buchwald is a personal finance reporter at MarketWatch. She is based in New York. ",730,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886373414,2021-03-23 09:42:50,"Unaccompanied Minors, the Border Situation, and Public Opinion",https://www.forbes.com/sites/bowmanmarsico/2021/03/23/unaccompanied-minors-the-border-situation-and-public-opinion/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"The tensions revealed in the PRRI survey show both the compassion Americans have for these children and their families, as well as their concerns about the increasing numbers. In the poll, 56% said Central American families are “mostly trying to keep their kids safe in difficult circumstances,” but 38% say these families are “taking advantage of American good will and are trying to find a back door for immigrating to the country.” A large majority of Democrats (69%) gave the first response, as did 41% of Republicans. Nearly seven in 10 (69%) wanted the children to be treated as refugees who could stay if it were not safe to return to their own countries; 27% said they should be treated as illegal immigrants and deported. Still, Americans worried about policies that could contribute to a surge. A solid majority (59%) said the US should not allow children coming from Central America to stay because it “will encourage others to ignore our laws and increase illegal immigration,” while 39% disagreed. The questions in the 2014 PRRI poll about unaccompanied minors were asked before Donald Trump became president, before the coronavirus pandemic, and before the hurricanes that ravaged the region, but my guess is that if a pollster asked identical questions today, the answers would be pretty much the same.  Nationally, concern is down about immigration. Still, what some Republicans are calling the Biden border crisis is taking a toll on the children, but it could also take one on the president himself. ",252,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886369618,2021-03-23 09:34:10,Ebola virus kills hundreds in West Africa,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/ebola-virus-kills-hundreds-in-west-africa/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886378206,2021-03-23 09:01:46,Encore: Critics leap on aid to multiemployer pension plans,http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story.asp?guid=%7BB17AE088-8B51-11EB-B7E9-F094704E15BE%7D&siteid=rss&rss=1,en,False,,1150,Wall Street Journal,https://www.wsj.com/,"The $1.9 trillion rescue package enacted recently includes an estimated $86 billion aid package for multiemployer pension plans. This assistance will give the weakest plans enough money to pay benefits for the next 30 years.  Critics claim that the rescue should not have been part of the legislation because the plans’ problems do not stem from COVID-19; it includes no provisions to avoid similar problems in the future; and it sets the stage for bailing out state and local government plans.  But the truth of the matter is that the challenges facing the weakest multiemployer plans cannot be addressed without some infusion of government funds. And the government should pay because it has contributed to the problems of multiemployer plans by not requiring adequate payments from withdrawing employers and by allowing for underfunding of the PBGC’s multiemployer program. Private sector multiemployer plans are defined-benefit plans negotiated by a union with a group of employers typically in the same industry. These industries consist of many small employers — employers that would not ordinarily establish a defined-benefit plan on their own — and include areas where it is common to move from one employer to another. The people covered by these plans are not high earners: the average benefit is less than half that for state and local workers.  Read: The hopeful news for Social Security buried in the $1.9 trillion bailout Like many other private and public sector defined-benefit plans, multiemployer plans expanded benefits during the stock market booms in the 1980s and 1990s and then became significantly underfunded in the wake of the two financial crises after the turn of the century. The great majority of troubled multiemployer plans responded to the financial pressures by cutting the rate of future benefit accruals and requiring the bargaining parties to negotiate higher contribution rates, enabling most of them to navigate to relatively secure footing.  But for a significant number of multiemployer plans (covering about one million of the 10 million participants in the plans), cutting benefits and raising contributions was not enough. These so-called “critical and declining” plans, which face the prospect of running out of money within the next 15 to 20 years, also face three structural challenges. These plans have a high ratio of inactive to total participants, high rates of negative cash flow, and a large percentage of “orphan” participants.  While the legislation doesn’t address some of the underlying problems, such as defining the appropriate interest rate for calculating liabilities and perhaps replacing the traditional defined-benefit structure with some shared-risk arrangement, it does place a lot of restrictions on plans that seek relief. These restrictions apply to increases in future accrual rates, retroactive benefit improvements, allocation of plan assets, reductions in employer contribution rates, diversion of contributions to other benefit (health) plans, and withdrawal liability. Interest rates and benefit structure can be dealt with down the road.  Finally, addressing the financial problems of multiemployer plans does not a set a precedent for bailing out state and local pension plans.  First, state and local plans are in the process of righting the ship, while the “critical and declining” multiemployer plans are essentially in a death spiral.  Second, the sponsors of state and local plans have much more financial capacity than the small employers participating in multiemployer plans.  Third, state and local governments can essentially fund their plans by borrowing through pension obligation bonds.  In short, states and localities have the space and resources to solve their own pension funding problems.  Ted Benna, the man who invented the 401(k), has a warning for anyone considering moving your nest egg into a Roth IRA Alicia H. Munnell is a columnist for MarketWatch and director of the Center for Retirement Research at Boston College. Alicia H. Munnell is a columnist for MarketWatch and director of the Center for Retirement Research at Boston College. ",652,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886373410,2021-03-23 09:45:14,How New York City Is Revolutionizing Good Food Policy,https://www.forbes.com/sites/errolschweizer/2021/03/23/how-new-york-city-is-revolutionizing-good-food-policy/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"The greatest city in the world. (Photo by Gary Hershorn/Getty Images) Led by a team under Kate Mackenzie, NYC’s Director of Food Policy, who was tasked with coordinating efforts from over 300 organizations and agencies, the Food Forward plan acknowledges the complexity and enormous scope of New York City’s food system. Over 8 million people call the city home, with over 500,000 food sector employees and 40,000 food businesses. The city is among the most ethnically diverse places on the planet, with stores and restaurants that cater to nearly every culture and palate. New York City also sits at the heart of a lush agricultural region, with hundreds of dairy, meat and produce operations within a few hour’s drive. The vast majority of NYC food businesses are independently owned and operated, a big difference from the corporate dominated foodscapes of many metro areas. Nineteen billion pounds of food enters the city annually, yet nearly 1.6 million residents are food insecure, a staggering number considering the city’s global reputation for food innovation and variety. The report also acknowledges the racial inequities of health outcomes and economic mobility, as well as the vulnerability of the coastal metropolis and it’s food supply to climate change. Addressing New York City’s food supply chain challenges takes up a big chunk of the plan. Critical distribution infrastructure and storage, packing, processing and production needs investment and strengthening, and food hubs, regional aggregation centers, and waste disposal facilities also seem high on the radar. The final section, on administrative organs needed to implement these policies, is ambitious, including participation in a regional food working group and data sharing projects, establishment of a food justice fund, and significant cooperation and communication requirements across city agencies, NGOs and community groups. Good Food Purchasing Program's seal of approval. According to Alexa Delwiche, the Executive Director of the Center for Good Food Purchasing, ""New York City is the one of the largest purchasers of food in the nation, second only to the Department of Defense. Through the City's visionary leadership and strategic focus, along with committed agencies working tirelessly to keep the city's most vulnerable residents nourished and a community-based coalition ensuring the City remains accountable to their commitments, New York City has proven that if GFPP is possible at this scale, it's possible in all public institutions; local, state, and federal."" ",388,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886369613,2021-03-23 09:36:10,MoneyWatch: FAA hits Southwest Airlines with $12 million fine; One out of three Americans in debt,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/moneywatch-faa-hits-southwest-airlines-with-12-million-fine-one-out-of-three-americans-in-debt/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. ,19,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886367637,2021-03-23 09:46:16,Stocks dip as a rise in virus cases in Europe imperils the economic recovery.,https://www.nytimes.com/live/2021/03/23/business/stock-market-today/stocks-dip-as-a-rise-in-virus-cases-in-europe-imperils-the-economic-recovery,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"This briefing has ended. Release dates for six Disney films, including ‘Black Widow,’ are pushed back. GameStop says it is considering selling additional shares. Trump Hotels are dropped by the high-end travel group Virtuoso. Amazon names Adam Selipsky as its new leader of AWS. The exact timing or price of the offering has not been set. Private market investors have valued Robinhood at roughly $12 billion and some have speculated its initial public offering could top $20 billion. It is working with Goldman Sachs on its offering, a person familiar with the company said. Kareem Daniel, chairman of Disney Media & Entertainment Distribution, said the decision “reflects our focus on providing consumer choice and serving the evolving preferences of audiences.” Cineworld and AMC had no immediate comment on Disney’s announcement. The company’s stock was down roughly 12 percent shortly after 6 p.m. The shares had remained steady amid a brief conference call in which executives presented the company’s results and declined to take questions. Such a share sale would reduce the value of the company’s outstanding stock, essentially by increasing the supply, in a process called dilution. Virtuoso is widely considered one of the luxury travel industry’s biggest players, with a global network of more than 1,100 agencies comprising some 22,000 advisers in 50 countries. Virtuoso advisers typically work with wealthy clients looking for all the hallmarks of upscale trips, from luxury hotels to personalized tours and experiences. For travel advisers to join the network, which averaged about $30 billion a year in sales before the pandemic, they must be invited. Invitation is based on several metrics, including sales volume and the proven ability to plan out-of-the-box trips. When asked about cutting Trump Hotels from its list, Misty Belles, the managing director of global public relations for Virtuoso, said in an email, “As of March 8, 2021, Trump Hotels are no longer part of the Virtuoso network.” She added: “We consider many variables when reviewing both existing and new network participation. Out of respect for all involved parties, and as a general policy, we do not share comments regarding our nonrenewal and exit decisions.” The news was first reported by Zenger News, a digital wire service. Amazon on Tuesday announced that Adam Selipsky, the chief executive of Tableau, will be the next leader of its cloud computing division, a large and profitable business that has transformed how companies around the world operate. Mr. Selipsky’s had run sales, market and support for AWS, an area where it has been spending heavily in recent years to reach larger legacy corporate customers as Microsoft and Google have grown as competition. AWS produced $45.4 billion in sales and $13.5 billion in operating income last year. Mr. Selipsky starts at Amazon in mid-May, and after a transition period will take over AWS some time after June. Data delayed at least 15 minutes Source: FactSet By: Ella Koeze Stocks fell on Tuesday amid new concerns about the global economic recovery from the pandemic. The S&P 500 fell 0.8 percent, while the Nasdaq composite dropped more than 1.1 percent. The sharpest declines were in companies that stand to gain the most from a rollback of pandemic-related restrictions, like cruise lines, airlines and retailers. Carnival fell 7.8 percent, while United Airlines dropped 6.8 percent. Small stocks, which are geared toward the growth outlook in the United States, fell sharply. The Russell 2000 index of small-capitalization stocks dropped 3.6 percent. The concerns rippled through other financial markets too. Government bond yields, which have been climbing lately in part because of expectations for fast economic growth and the potential inflation that would trigger, also fell. The yield on 10-year government bonds dropped to about 1.63 percent. The drop in bond yields also came after the Federal Reserve chair, Jerome H. Powell, continued to play down inflation concerns at a hearing before House lawmakers on Tuesday. In response to a question about whether the $1.9 trillion spending package to combat the virus could cause prices to shoot higher — especially if combined with President Biden’s plan to spend as much as $3 trillion on an infrastructure package — Mr. Powell said the Fed did not expect a lasting surge in inflation. “We do expect that inflation will move up over the course of this year,” Mr. Powell told the House Financial Services committee, adding that some of the rise would be mechanical as low readings from March and April of last year dropped out of the data and part of it might be driven by a bounce-back in demand. Oil prices were sharply lower, with West Texas Intermediate, the U.S. crude benchmark, down more than 6 percent to below $58 a barrel. European indexes also ended lower. The Stoxx Europe 600 lost 0.2 percent, and London’s FTSE 100 and France’s CAC 40 fell 0.4 percent. The Internal Revenue Service has an explanation, at least for some of them. Married people who filed their returns jointly may receive their stimulus in two separate installments if their tax return includes something called an injured spouse claim — which a taxpayer can file for if part of their tax refund is withheld over a spouse’s past-due debts, such as federal or state taxes, child support or student loans. In most cases, the I.R.S. said on Tuesday, the second portion of the payment will be delivered the way you instructed on your tax return — although it’s possible that one portion will be delivered by direct deposit and the other sent by mail. The second portion could be delayed by a few weeks, according to the agency. Many other Americans — including some who receive Social Security — are still waiting, too. “Some of our most vulnerable seniors and persons with disabilities, including veterans who served our country with honor, are unable to pay for basic necessities while they wait for their overdue payments,” the lawmakers wrote. An I.R.S. spokesman confirmed that the agency doesn’t yet have a date for when those payments might arrive. But those who did file a tax return last year or who registered with the agency’s nonfilers tool for prior stimulus payments should not be affected. transcript “There are 22 million people who say they don’t have enough food to eat, one in 10 adults are hungry in America. I looked at data like these, and I worried that the Covid economy was going to keep hurting millions of people now, and haunt them long after the health emergency was over. We know that when the foundations of someone’s life fall apart, when they lose the roof over their head with the ability to eat dinner every night, the pain can weigh on them for years. Their earnings potential is permanently lowered, and I worried about this happening on a mass scale. That’s why I advocated very hard for the American Rescue Plan, and why it’s my first and my most enthusiastic message today.” “Today, the situation is much improved. While the economic fallout has been real and widespread, the worst was avoided by swift and vigorous action from Congress and the Federal Reserve, from across government and cities and towns, and from individual communities in the private sector. Indicators of economic activity and employment have turned up recently. Household spending on goods has risen notably so far this year, although spending on services remains low, especially in sectors that typically require in-person gatherings. The housing sector has more than fully recovered from the downturn, while business investment in manufacturing production have also picked up.” The Federal Reserve chair, Jerome H. Powell, told lawmakers that the economy was healing from the pandemic downturn and continued to play down inflation concerns at a hearing before House lawmakers on Tuesday. In response to a question about whether the $1.9 trillion spending package to combat the virus could cause prices to shoot higher — especially if combined with President Biden’s plan to spend as much as $3 trillion on an infrastructure package — Mr. Powell said the Fed did not expect a lasting surge in inflation. “We do expect that inflation will move up over the course of this year,” Mr. Powell told the House Financial Services committee, adding that some of the rise would be mechanical as low readings from March and April of last year dropped out of the data, and part of it might be driven by a bounce-back in demand. “Our best view is that the effect on inflation will be neither particularly large nor persistent,” he said. And if it does pick up in a more concerning way, “we have the tools to deal with that.” Mr. Powell testified along with Janet L. Yellen, the Treasury secretary, before the House Financial Services committee on the economic recovery from the pandemic. Ms. Yellen faced questions on executing Mr. Biden’s $1.9 trillion economic relief legislation. The Treasury Department has been racing to distribute $1,400 checks to millions of Americans, posing a test for Ms. Yellen’s team, which is not yet fully in place. Ms. Yellen pushed hard for a robust fiscal relief package, and she has suggested that the next bill needs to be focused on addressing longer-term structural issues facing the economy that have led to vast income inequality. “We have long awaited this moment,” said Mooky Greidinger, the chief executive of Cineworld, which is based in London. “With capacity restrictions expanding to 50 percent or more across most U.S. states, we will be able to operate profitably in our biggest markets.” Regal Cinemas is the second largest theater chain in the United States, after AMC Theaters. The announcement by Cineworld comes six months after the movie theater chains were forced to shut down across the United States and Britain last October in an effort to curb the spread of the coronavirus. The decision affected a total of 45,000 employees in both countries and forced studios to postpone film releases. The reopening plans in the United States will coincide with the release of two movies from Warner Bros. Pictures, “Godzilla vs. Kong” on April 2 and “Mortal Kombat” on April 16. “We are very happy for the agreement with Warner Bros.,” Mr. Greidinger said. “This agreement shows the studio’s commitment to the theatrical business.” In September, Cineworld reported a pretax loss of $1.6 billion for the first half of 2020. In 2019, 90 percent of the company’s revenue was generated in the United States and Britain. ",1738,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886376018,2021-03-23 07:30:00,Why a global chip shortage is screwing up America’s pickup trucks,https://www.vox.com/recode/22336388/gm-chip-shortage-ford-semiconductors-biden,en,False,,104828,Vox,http://www.vox.com,"Disruptions in the global high-tech supply chain spell bad news for Chevy Silverados and Samsung phones alike. 
    Uncovering and explaining how our digital world is changing — and changing us.
   Even a year after the pandemic started wreaking havoc on global supply chains, a chip shortage is still disrupting entire industries. Now that the Biden administration has started down the difficult path of analyzing just how insecure America’s supply chain for these hard-to-manufacture components is, the companies affected by the shortage are trying to figure out what to do until a solution appears on the horizon. While this review alone won’t boost US high-tech manufacturing, the hope is to set the groundwork to secure US supply chains before another crisis hits. “We never had a coordinated plan, meaning these are free markets. So any companies can ship anything outside the country,” Tang explained. “So now is a wake-up call. We have shifted virtually everything, so now it’s an empty vault.”  Biden’s supply chain review is a first step toward better understanding what the weaknesses in US supply chains are, before starting the more costly process of what to do about it.  In a few weeks, the Commerce Department is expected to submit to Biden its first report on the supply of semiconductor chips. Next year, it will submit an even broader report covering “critical sectors and subsectors of information and communications technology.” Following the supply chain review, the goal isn’t necessarily that the US produces all or even most of a particular product or its subcomponents, experts told Recode. Instead, it’s about making sure the country has stockpiles; coordinated supply chains of needed supplies and components from different parts of the world; and enough domestic manufacturing to ensure the US can weather another crisis.  “Before you blow up the old bridge, make sure you build a new bridge,” Tang said. “Make sure the new bridge is tested, and keep the old bridge running.”  Will you support Vox’s explanatory journalism? Check your inbox for a welcome email. ",347,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886373405,2021-03-23 09:46:47,"In 244 Years, America Has Never Elected A Black, Female Governor. Virginia’s Jennifer Carroll Foy Could Change That.",https://www.forbes.com/sites/allisonnorlian/2021/03/23/in-244-years-america-has-never-elected-a-black-female-governor-virginias-jennifer-carroll-foy-could-change-that/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Jennifer Carroll Foy has seen firsthand the detrimental effect the American healthcare system can have on families. When Carroll Foy was 17-years-old, her grandmother, the woman who raised her, had a stroke. She became a quadriplegic.  Carroll Foy remembers sitting at the dining room table with her aunt, trying to decide how to pay for her grandmother's costly medication.  ""We were trying to decide if we were going to pay for our mortgage that month, or for the medications keeping my grandmother alive,"" Carroll Foy said.   ""That's where my journey for governor began."" Carroll Foy is running to be Virginia's 74th governor. She is running in the Democratic primary against well-known members of her party, including former Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, Lt. Gov. Justin Fairfax, state Sen. Jennifer McClellan, and Del. Lee Carter.  If she wins, Carroll Foy would make history as the first Black woman elected governor in the nation.  Carroll Foy is running on a progressive platform for criminal justice reform, jobs, the economy, immigration, and healthcare; she says her lived experiences help her truly understand the issues Virginians face.  Her work as a public defender, representing many people who were mentally ill and impoverished, has helped form her stance on the criminal justice system. She recalled the time her client, a 12-year-old Black boy, was charged with a felony. ""He walked into the store in the middle of winter and took a coat, put it on, and walked out, and he was caught. And he was charged at the time with a felony. And so I'm asking him, 'Why did you do this?' And digging deeper, finding out his father was in jail, his mother was nowhere to be found. He barely had any food in the refrigerator. And he said, 'Well, I was cold. I didn't know what else to do,'"" Carroll Foy said. ""So having to argue before the judge, should this child be stigmatized and branded as a convicted felon? Or should his parents be put on trial because they failed him? Should the school be put on trial because it failed him? Should the system now be put on trial because it failed him? And we're holding him accountable, and no one else— a child who can't defend himself or work to pay bills to buy a jacket or know what to do. And so he's grieving, and no one's hearing him."" This work influenced Carroll Foy after she was elected to Virginia's House of Delegates in 2017. The public defender didn't always know she'd enter politics; it wasn't until the 2016 presidential election of Donald Trump that she realized she wanted to run for office. That race proved to be a bit more difficult for Carroll Foy than it might be for the average person. Three weeks after she announced her candidacy, she found out she was pregnant with identical twins.  ""People were finding out and telling me that I should drop out, saying there's no way I could work as a public defender, and, be pregnant with twins and, you know, flip a seat from red to blue,"" she said.  ""And so I just remember putting my head down, ignoring the naysayers and just running my race and winning and then giving birth to my twins."" ""I was running a full campaign, having to have campaign meetings in my hospital room, while upside down, making calls, hiring staff, and having meetings,"" Carroll Foy laughed. She ended up winning the election. But what happened next has also been influential in Carroll Foy's healthcare plan.  After giving birth to twin boys, Carroll Foy says, she began experiencing intense pain. She communicated her concerns to the hospital nursing staff, only to be told, it was ""normal."" She was sent home. After a day or so of being home, Carroll Foy says the pain only intensified, so much so, that it brought her to her knees, and she couldn't walk. Her husband rushed her to the hospital, where she was immediately admitted.  Because of the sensitive medical nature, Carroll Foy chose not to share the diagnosis but said, ""They informed me that had I stayed home a little while longer; I would have lost my life."" Carroll Foy's birthing situation and experience with her grandmother are why she says she has fought so hard to improve healthcare as a delegate, and why it'll be a top priority if she is elected governor.  Jennifer Carroll Foy, her husband Jeff Foy, and identical twin boys Alex and Xander.  As a delegate, Carroll Foy supported the expansion of Medicaid to 500,000 newly insured Virginians, she advocated for a paid family and medical leave, and she helped pass legislation to assess the feasibility of Medicaid reimbursement for doula care, among other efforts.  As governor, she says, she will continue to recruit more minority doctors and OBGYNs, while promoting implicit and explicit bias medical training. She also says she will invest in local health clinics, create a prescription drug review board and expand broadband to 97% of Virginians so more people can access telehealth and telemedicine. She also says she will continue to improve women's access to abortion and reproductive healthcare.  ""I hope to drive down the cost of health insurance by ensuring that people can see their doctor from the comfort of their own home,"" Carroll Foy said. ""I understand that healthcare is a right and not a privilege."" And she has big plans if elected governor, including championing cash bail reform.   ""We have a for-profit justice system, meaning you're more likely to sit in jail pretrial if you are a Black, innocent, and poor than if you're a white, wealthy and guilty. And so people are sitting in jail for weeks or months at a time because they're too poor to pay for their freedom,"" Carroll Foy said. Some other priorities for Carroll Foy, if elected, include bringing diverse, high-paying jobs to the commonwealth, including positions in cybersecurity, robotics, nanotech, renewables, and automotive systems, and training the workforce to be ready for these types of careers. She also wants to end the digital divide and increase access to virtual learning, as well as including farmers in the global economy. Another priority for Carroll Foy would be expanding childhood education so every three to four-year-old can attend full-day pre-K. She says she also wants to increase teachers' salaries. Still, Carroll Foy hopes her message resonates with her constituents, and that her efforts will bring Virginians to vote for her in the primary on June 8. ""I understand the challenges that everyday Virginians face because I've lived it, and it's about time that we have a working mom representing working families in Richmond,"" she said. ""The wealthy and well connected have a lot of representation, and now it's our time, now it's our turn."" If she wins, she hopes becoming the nation’s first Black, female governor will inspire future generations of Black little girls. ""They will finally be able to see themselves being an executive, being pretty much the president of the state, and that matters. I will be able to bring my lived experiences as a mom, a working mom, as a public defender, as a foster mom, as a little girl who grew up in poverty, as a person who's gone without health care,"" she said. ""You know, all of these things are important because it dictates the lens that I see things through."" ""I am a woman of the people. And I am in this to move Virginia forward and ensure that our future is better than our past."" ",1264,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886369591,2021-03-23 09:43:36,Biden administration working to handle migrant crisis at U.S.-Mexico border,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/biden-administration-migrant-crisis-us-mexico-border/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886367632,2021-03-23 09:22:35,Fire Tears Through New York Assisted Living Home,https://www.nytimes.com/video/us/politics/100000007669631/nursing-home-fire-spring-valley-new-york.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,Advertisement 1:08 10:45 1:30 Advertisement 1:55 1:21 1:20 Advertisement 1:41 1:31 1:56 Advertisement 1:19 1:27 1:45 Advertisement ,18,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886368436,2021-03-23 09:56:31,My Covid life as a single mom: Like juggling bowling pins and chainsaws,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/Vte3BcqJh8g/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,Opinion by Kaylah Dessausure  ,6,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886373395,2021-03-23 09:47:32,Dow Slips 100 Points Ahead Of Fed Chair Powell's Remarks One Year After Covid Market Crash Ended,https://www.forbes.com/sites/jonathanponciano/2021/03/23/dow-slips-100-points-ahead-of-fed-chair-powells-remarks-one-year-after-covid-market-crash-ended/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"On the anniversary of the Federal Reserve intervention that helped stave off a grave economic depression, stocks are mixed near record highs as investors await Congressional testimony from Fed Chair Jerome Powell and Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen, who have been in focus as interest rates rise above pre-pandemic levels and threaten to undercut stock-market valuations. Shortly after the market open, the Dow Jones Industrial Average, which closed Monday less than 1% off a March 17 high, fell 87 points, or 0.3%, while the S&P 500 ticked down 0.3%, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq added 0.3%. Yields on the 10-year Treasury, which move inversely to stocks and have rattled markets in recent weeks, continued to fall from recent highs Tuesday morning, slipping 3 basis points.  Crude oil prices are tanking as much as 4% Tuesday morning, pushing down the prices of energy firms Marathon Oil, Occidental Petroleum and Schlumberger–all of which are down nearly 4% and among stocks heading up the S&P's losses. Thanks to Powell’s damn-the-torpedoes approach to stimulating the economy during the pandemic, the Fed's balance sheet assets have skyrocketed by more than $3 trillion to an all-time high that’s nearly 13 times assets held during the dot-com bubble. Much of that is that because the Fed has been buying up Treasuries and mortgage-backed securities to the tune of $120 billion per month in an effort to boost households and businesses, which of course lubricates the stock market. Experts are concerned that stocks are now ultra-sensitive to any indication the Fed may ease up on its unprecedented accommodation.  ""As the economy normalizes and reopens, there are plenty of questions about how the Fed might normalize its monetary policy and what that normalization means for markets,"" Greg Marcus, managing director of UBS Private Wealth Management, said in a Tuesday note. ""In a post-Covid-19 Fed policy normalization, the market may be better able to tolerate a tapering of asset purchases at an appropriate time as opposed to early interest rate hikes, which the Fed has indicated would be unlikely."" Fed Chair Powell and Secretary Yellen are set to testify before Congress Tuesday afternoon in a two-day session to discuss the health of the economy and the need for fiscal stimulus. ""Reassurance over a loose monetary policy and a sanguine stance towards the bond market could pull bond yields lower, offering support to stocks,"" Oanda analyst Sophie Griffiths said in a Tuesday note. President Joe Biden's Build Back Better proposal will reportedly sport a $3 trillion price tag across more than one piece of legislation. In addition to the infrastructure-focused spending, tax hikes on corporations and wealthy individuals should be expected. ""Whether split into pieces or combined into one mammoth piece of legislation, this whole infrastructure and tax hike proposal will encounter fierce resistance in Congress and it’s hard to see anything close to what the White House wants getting enacted,"" Vital Knowledge Media Founder Adam Crisafulli said of the package Tuesday. ",490,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886376013,2021-03-23 08:00:00,"How inheritance became a gift, a necessity, and a curse",https://www.vox.com/the-highlight/22320272/inheritance-money-wealth-transfer-estate-tax,en,False,,104828,Vox,http://www.vox.com,"A “great wealth transfer” may be on the horizon. Will a gift from grandma save the middle class? Technically, Megan is a farming heiress.  Her mom grew up on a wheat farm, and for years, the government had been paying her family $15,000 a year to not farm. It was an attempt to keep land from being overused, and that money was basically the extent of Megan’s relationship with agriculture: the source of a yearly gift, the money she and her mom would wait for before, say, buying furniture or making home repairs. Now Megan, who asked to be referred to by a pseudonym to speak freely about her finances, receives that money directly.  In 2019, at the age of 64, Megan’s mother died. It was expected and unexpected. Her mom had been a cancer survivor for 20 years. But chemotherapy had damaged her heart, and two years ago, she went into cardiac arrest. On the phone, Megan, 38, runs me through the process of settling her mother’s estate. It was a ton of bureaucracy: so many phone calls, so much paperwork. After paying her mom’s bills and taxes, selling off her house and possessions, and handling lawyers’ fees — setting aside for just a second the small piece of land that makes her an agricultural scion — it came to just under $50,000.  Something else Megan says she inherited from her mom, who worked for years in medical billing, was “not really a great sense of money management.” So Megan used that money to pay off her own formidable credit card bills. She’d been in “a decent amount of debt” since 2008, and for the first time, she says, she was out from under Visa and even able to add to her savings. Today, she’s at something like breaking even; she’s found a balance between her outstanding graduate school debt, her expenses, her income, and the money she receives from the USDA to let her family land lie fallow.  Megan is grateful, and amazed that her mother was able to leave anything after a life of financial struggle. Ultimately, though, we’re talking about $50,000 in 2020s America, set against a person whom she loved deeply.  “I’d obviously much rather have my mom,” she says.  But Wolff also says, surprisingly, that inherited wealth isn’t a huge driver of inequality in America — it actually has had an equalizing effect. And there’s no indication that the next decades will be any different.  The reason is deceptively simple: While much (much!) more money flows among the rich, for middle- and low-income people who receive gifts or inheritance, they represent a larger percentage of wealth. So large, in fact, that for some people, a gift from mom or dad is the thing that will keep them middle class.  But recipients-wise, we’re not talking about a lot of people. Twenty-two percent of American households receive a wealth transfer, Wolff says in a phone interview — a significant figure but certainly not a majority. When Wolff, who studies inequality, dives deeper into whom those inheritances go to and how, the picture looks a little different than you might expect. He says that for some middle- or low-income people, inherited assets can represent up to one-third of a person’s wealth. And Black families who do receive transfers, he says, actually rely more on those inheritances than white families do. The majority of people who inherit aren’t getting millions, either; less than one-fifth of inheritances are more than $500,000. The most common inheritance is between $10,000 and $50,000. None of this can quite explain the sum total of inherited wealth’s effect. While it’s incontrovertible that anyone who receives an inheritance is plainly fortunate in at least one large respect — this isn’t a story about why you should feel bad for people who inherit — my conversations with those who have or expect to receive a sum from their families after death indicate that a transfer of wealth can be a lot of things: freeing and stifling, a relief and a burden, a windfall and a pitfall. It depends on one’s circumstances, which is really just to say that it depends on a person’s family, and their money. For Megan, it meant months steeped in legalese, and freedom from (some of) her debt. For Dhruv, who expects to receive a large inheritance, the promise of future wealth has been a source of both privilege and internal conflict. Mindi, a returning student, found that her inheritance screwed up her financial aid and brought up complicated feelings about her relationship with her dad. Emily came into a sum she expected to spend on a parent’s medical care, and found her life changed. Jackie inherited her mother’s house 15 years ago but fears losing it to proposed changes to the tax code. (Megan and Dhruv asked to be referred to by pseudonyms to protect their financial privacy; the others who spoke with Vox asked that their last names be withheld.) The wealth transfer, in increments of $20,000 or $30,000, has the potential to make a select few stable for the first time, to shore up some people on the shrinking island of the middle class. But these stories create a picture even more complex than a group of uncomfortably lucky mourners; they illustrate a country with byzantine and punishing legal and financial systems, mediocre financial education, and a culture of having and not having that doesn’t benefit very many people at all.  In 2018, Emily came into an amount of money she doesn’t hesitate to call “life-changing.” When I reach her via video call to talk about inherited wealth, she has her meticulous personal budgets at the ready. She feels strongly about financial management, explaining that she gives all of her money a job — say, this $40 works for “hobbies” and that $100 goes to “pet care.” It’s a system that takes time and foresight and spreadsheets, but she’s passionate about financial education and the work it takes to be prepared for anything life throws at you.  Emily, 38, had been prepared for the eventuality of paying for the long-term care facility that her mother lived in once her mother’s money ran out. The facility cost $4,600 a month, which would have meant $2,300 each for Emily and her brother. It’s a price tag she calls “bananas,” but after her mother was diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer’s, the siblings wanted care they could rely on.  When Emily was growing up, her family was poor. Her dad was not so good with money or employment, and her mom worked at an oil company, in the kind of job you get when you’re a woman with no college degree in the 1970s. The company did give her a pension, though, and after Emily’s mom got divorced and retired, she started to invest her money. With her kids’ help, she turned it into an impressive little nest egg, earmarked for her long-term care. It was enough to cover about three years at the facility. “We fully expected her to outlive the money,” Emily says. Instead, in 2018, at 66, her mother fell and died six weeks later, leaving Emily and her brother $350,000 in assets. Emily and her husband had been living paycheck to carefully planned paycheck, and now, just like that, she has a financial safety net. If her mother had lived to, say, 78, the average life span for an American woman, Emily would not have seen an inheritance. Instead, she’d likely be facing a sizable debt. Even for a planner, the change in fortune is hard to account for. “It also feels incredibly guilty all the time,” she tells me.  The first time I speak to Jackie, 54, she tells me about the seemingly tangled situation she is in with her mother’s home, which she inherited along with her siblings in 2006. The second time, I have good news to give her. At least, I hope I do. Jackie has lived in the house in Los Angeles for years and needs to move on now, but two newish tax proposals seem to have her in a bind. One would make it expensive to rent out the home; the other might make it expensive to sell, unless she does so very fast. Jackie’s mother purchased the home back in the ’90s for $150,000, and it’s likely worth over $800,000 today. It should be a fortune, but after all these years, the house and the money have suddenly started to feel like a time bomb. Maybe you’re adept at tax law and already see the punchline here, but as Jackie explained her concerns to me over the phone, all I could do was take notes. Then I brought Jackie’s story to a very kind tax professional, who agreed to speak with me on background, to see if we had a handle on her stressful position. As it happens, we did not. These laws don’t apply to Jackie for a very simple reason: Taxes are not applied retroactively. I explained more, in greater detail than I will bother you with, but his answer was the same.  As the very kind tax professional told me, this is what happens when people are working with incomplete knowledge. Complete knowledge, it turns out, is incredibly important when you’re dealing with the tax code.  Meanwhile, incomplete knowledge is kind of the human condition. Tax professionals cost money, which can be prohibitive for many people, especially those who’ve received a windfall but worry they’re about to be staring down some enormous bills.  When I was in high school, my dad and I used to fight about the estate tax, among other things. (I’d latched onto the topic at debate club, and one of our shared interests is arguing; my mom hates it.)  Like all arguments between fathers and daughters, this was actually a fight about everything: our worldviews, our expectations of each other, our ideas about what the future should look like.  I was (and remain) philosophically in favor of the tax, which might mean that I wouldn’t inherit every penny that he wanted to give me but also that perhaps the wealth gap wouldn’t yawn open further. (Spoiler: It did.) I saw my dad’s opposition as shortsighted and selfish; worse, selfish on my behalf. These loud conversations would usually end with him saying, “No one’s going to tell me what I can leave you!” I’m an only child, and for as long as I can remember, my parents have been trying to impart to me that everything they have would someday be mine. My dad’s favorite joke is that he’s spending money that’s somehow mine. The idea of a coming bequest is always present, whispered over my grandmother’s crystal glasses or intoned as we survey their recently renovated house from afar: “All of this is for you; this will be yours someday.” It’s a moot point, though, because in 2021, the estate tax exemption isn’t a million bucks. It’s $11.7 million, and double that for couples, with anything over that amount taxed at as much as 40 percent. The exemption rose over the years that Trump was in office, starting at $5.49 million in 2017. I can confidently say my family is in the clear. Wolff chalks it up to a fairly human reaction: “People feel that they’re gonna win the lottery,” he says.  On some level, they’re aware that “they depend to a large extent on these bequests,” he says, “And they don’t want to see it gobbled up by taxes.” They don’t want to give up the safety net.  The effect money has on life is a complex calculation. Dhruv, 30, has not yet received an inheritance, but he knows it’s coming. His parents — his mom and stepdad, who raised him — are still alive, and he’s received financial gifts from them in various forms over the years, but the inheritance sort of looms. He doesn’t know the specifics of their estate, but he says he has been told where and how to access it when the time comes. He estimates that it’s around $7 million, based on what he knows and from looking at their large, lovely house in Southern California, where he currently lives. He says the family doesn’t go more than a month without some reference to wealth being passed down, although often in slightly obscure ways, like when his mother mentions that this or that piece of jewelry would be nice for a granddaughter to have. (Neither Dhruv nor his brother has children yet.) Dhruv’s family wasn’t always well off, not at all. When Dhruv was a baby, and his mom was still married to his biological father, they struggled. And when he was around 5 and she married his stepdad, a mechanic, they also struggled. It was a few years later that the couple launched a business that became a huge success.  His mom is “tough, because she had to be for a while,” and “intense” with money, Dhruv says. She’s worked to secure this inheritance for him and his brother, including handling the paperwork to ensure that they will receive property in India, where she grew up.  Her story isn’t all that unusual. The people most interested in allocating money for their kids, say some of the financial professionals I spoke with, are often those who come from a less affluent background. Shala Walker, a certified financial planner with Stavis & Cohen in Houston, Texas, says in her experience, it’s higher-net-worth individuals who are less likely to want to leave assets to their kids. “I don’t know if it’s a realization of the opportunities that their kids have had, or even … the fact that they don’t necessarily need it.”  Sometimes, Dhruv says, his mom “tries to make all the financial decisions.” He has developed a very different personality; he describes himself as the “opposite of a micromanager.” The money has affected him in other ways. When Dhruv was in college, he heard an economics professor say that job scarcity is a feature of most economies, and the fact that there isn’t enough work to go around is “unavoidable.” Currently unemployed but trained as a psychiatric researcher, he thinks of that when he looks at the job market. He wonders whether it’s okay for him to have a certain job when that job could go to someone who needs it more. He’s worked a variety of jobs — at McDonald’s as a teen, as a teacher in Asia, in psychiatric hospitals and with nonprofits — but for his teenage and adult life, he’s always known that if he needed to, he could get a bailout. It’s allowed him to take risks, like moving to Asia with no employment, and to be secure in situations that would be devastating to other people. Out of work, he was still comfortable, living at home, with plenty in savings, eligible for unemployment.  Mindi grew up with a very wealthy father and not a lot of money. Her parents were divorced, and while she was raised in an apartment with two of her siblings and her mom, her dad had a big house, drove nice cars, and carried a lot of cash. “I don’t mean $100 or $200,” she says. “I mean, like, he had $5,000 in his pocket at all times.” He used that money as a carrot, dangling 50 percent of the cost of whatever she wanted, insisting she or her mother pay the rest. He refused to help her pay for design school when she was young. But he promised, often, that she would be taken care of when he died.  So when he did, in 2018, when Mindi was 46, she was surprised at the size of her inheritance. It came to around $112,000 each for her and her four siblings. From her father’s big talk, from his big job with Hughes Aircraft (Hughes as in Howard), from his big wad of cash, Mindi had expected something very different. The settling of the will, she says, was difficult and prolonged, with recriminations between siblings and half-siblings, their stepmother, stepsiblings, estate lawyers, seemingly everyone around. The actual total value of the estate remains unclear to her, and she says that many of the relationships will never recover.  But when the money came in, she purchased a Chanel bag, and then a vacation with her fiancé and kids. She bought a car with cash, and paid off every bill she had, except for student loans. At the time, she was a returning student, finally studying design. Then she was hit with a curveball: Her windfall “completely screwed up” her financial aid. And then Covid-19 happened, putting her fiancé out of work. Mindi says the money “evaporated.” In the end, she couldn’t even pay the taxes on it.  Before he died, Mindi’s father was in the habit of changing his will, or at least telling his kids that he had, after a fight with this or that child. Mindi was out, or her sister was. He’d put cars in their names and take them off again. She never knew quite where she stood. Today, Mindi says she’s grateful for what she received, happy to be remembered. She wishes, though, that her dad would have spent more time with her when he was alive; that their relationship had been better. She hopes her kids never fight about money.  If you’re going to talk substantively about the impact of inherited wealth, you can’t focus only on the impact on one-fifth of people. The fact of inheritance reverberates among the other 80 percent, often in big ways. Among that group is Ivie, a multimedia journalist based in New York, who says that all she ever wanted was to be comfortable.  The hundreds of replies illuminate what it means to live without financial underpinnings. Mostly young people of color, they had taken in a family member’s kids, were caring for their own parents, or were otherwise navigating a world where others don’t share their economic stresses.  Ivie is one of the many people who responded to Brown’s post, writing that the lack of generational wealth is what keeps her motivated. Ivie tells me later that she’s never really had a choice about how hard she works, because she knew she didn’t have a safety net.  “Even when you are thriving,” she says, you’re still “a million steps behind” someone who has any kind of generational wealth or even structure. Even with no foreseeable inheritance, inheritance looms over her life.   She doesn’t want the big money; she just wants to be comfortable. The greatest thing money can provide seems to be steadiness, and freedom from fear. “I think the biggest inheritance that I have received has been being born in America,” she says. “If I’m being honest, that’s an advantage. And I just had to take that and run with it.” Like these other inheritances, it’s a tangled one.  I called my dad recently to ask how much money he made before he retired two years ago, seized with a realization that, like Dhruv and just about everyone else in this story, I’d never had a clear understanding of my own safety net. It was a weird call: I stammered, he explained his finances readily. They still felt like none of my business. Before I could hang up, he stopped me, “It’s really about family, though,” he says, meaning this story. He’s right, although maybe not exactly in the way that he means. He’s thinking of family as a symbol of self-sacrifice, a promise from parent to child. But it’s family, and so it’s complicated; we affect each other in great and lamentable ways. There are parents who leave their children something not out of a deep want, but out of obligation, or tradition, or ideas about legacy, or lack of a better option. There are low-income parents who would love to be able to give their children something but can’t, and there are wealthy parents who could give their children a lot but choose not to — out of a desire to see them succeed on their own, or out of a deep lack of generosity, or out of 47,000 other reasons I can’t even conceive of. Whatever the reason, it is deeply personal.  If the fundamental problem, though, is that some people have security and others don’t, there might be some hope. It is possible to build a bigger safety net without spooking people that you’re going to tear a hole in theirs. It’s possible to create a system that doesn’t depend on coming from a stable, fortunate, generous family. Ultimately, inheritance — money of any kind, really — is most vital in its role as a solid foundation. Everyone deserves that. We’d be better off if America wanted it for Americans as much as some Americans want it for their own kids.  For now, we’re stuck with this piecemeal system, one that works only for some people, and only sometimes. Intermingled as it is with complication and grief, there are small moments of grace.  During Megan’s mom’s life, she and Megan were both plagued by debt. Now, alone, Megan has a solid foundation. “I think she knew that when she died, my life, with whatever I inherited, would be a little bit better off,” Megan tells me.  It is, and it isn’t. Death is inevitable, though; security is a rare and precious gift.   Meredith Haggerty is a senior editor at The Goods by Vox. She edits reported stories and occasionally rails against capitalism. Previously, she edited books and hosted a podcast. Will you support Vox’s explanatory journalism? Check your inbox for a welcome email. ",3660,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886369582,2021-03-23 09:43:37,Attack on Colorado supermarket leaves community reeling,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/attack-on-colorado-supermarket-leaves-community-reeling/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886367628,2021-03-23 09:53:51,Basquiat Sells for $41.9 Million at Christie's in Hong Kong,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/arts/design/basquiat-hong-kong-auction.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by “Warrior,” a 1982 painting by Jean-Michel Basquiat, leads a week of 20th- and 21st-century livestreamed auctions at Christie’s and Sotheby’s. Send any friend a story “Warrior,” a 1982 painting by Jean-Michel Basquiat that was said to symbolize the struggles of Black men in a white-dominated world, sold for $41.9 million, with fees, at Christie’s auction house in Hong Kong on Tuesday. Estimated at $31 million to $41 million, “Warrior” was offered as an unusual single lot. It leads a week of 20th- and 21st-century livestreamed auctions at Christie’s and Sotheby’s in London and Paris, which also include an old master and a rediscovered van Gogh. Christie’s was betting on Basquiat’s global appeal to help energize the art market as it tried to emerge from the pandemic-year slump. Both Beeple and Basquiat “have a place,” said Alberto Mugrabi, the collector and dealer, whose father paid $250,000 for “Warrior” in the mid-1990s. “They are both in a category of very few artists. Beeple will bring a new audience to the art world and it’s an encouraging thing to see.” While the outcome for Beeple’s work was unpredictable — bidding started at $100 — the Basquiat was a relatively safe bet for Christie’s, which was hoping to draw new people to the market from Asia. (The winning bid came from Christie’s Hong Kong representative.) The company guaranteed the seller an undisclosed minimum price and got an irrevocable bid from a third-party backer, ensuring the work would sell. “Basquiat is one of the strongest markets coming out of the pandemic,” said Christophe van de Weghe, a dealer who specializes in Basquiats. “It’s worldwide. You can sell Basquiat, like Picasso, to someone in India or Kazakhstan or Mexico. You can have a 28-year-old spending millions on Basquiat and you can have a guy who is 85. He appeals to all kinds of people, from rappers to hedge-fund guys.’’ “Warrior” depicts a figure with fiery eyes and a raised sword against patches of blue and yellow. It was painted on a six-foot-tall wooden panel with oilstick, acrylic and spray paint in 1982. It has come up for auction four times, including Tuesday’s sale. It last appeared at Sotheby’s in 2012, fetching $8.7 million. At the time it was bought by the real estate mogul Aby Rosen. Christie’s declined to confirm that Rosen was the seller of “Warrior,” but its provenance indicates that the current owner bought the work in 2012. Rosen offered the work for sale privately last year, according to a dealer with firsthand knowledge of the sale. Rosen didn’t return emails seeking comment. Alex Rotter, Christie’s chairman of 20th- and 21st-century art, recently had a chance to realize the scope of Basquiat’s appeal while attending the Brooklyn Nets’ victorious game at the team’s arena on Feb. 25. Basquiat’s signature crown was on the court’s floor. “I thought, ‘Wow! How cool is that!’” Rotter said this week. “Basquiat is everywhere.” The Basquiat sale was followed by two back-to-back auctions of 20th- and 21st-century art as well as Surrealist art that totaled $274.8 million, exceeding the low estimate; 93 percent of the works found buyers. Asian collectors participated actively throughout the sales, according to Christie’s, bidding on everything from hot emerging Western artists to classical Surrealist pictures. A painting by the elusive artist Banksy, “Game Changer,” soared to 16.7 million pounds (about $23.2 million), more than four times the high estimate. Most of the proceeds, including part of Christie’s buyer’s premium, will be donated to various health and charity organizations in Britain. Painted by hand (as opposed to using a stencil), the work depicts a boy playing with a doll dressed as a superhero nurse, while Batman and Spiderman toys lie discarded in a bin nearby. The image appeared one day last May at the Southampton General Hospital, accompanied by a note: “Thanks for all you’re doing. I hope this brightens the place up a bit, even if it’s only black and white.” Advertisement ",662,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886368434,2021-03-23 09:57:22,Millennials have almost no chance of being able to afford a house. This is what can be done,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/3SHFgFftUlg/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,Opinion by Annika Olson ,5,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886373387,2021-03-23 09:51:08,"Cuomo Impeachment Investigation Will Take ‘Months,’ Leading NY Lawmaker Says",https://www.forbes.com/sites/jemimamcevoy/2021/03/23/cuomo-impeachment-investigation-will-take-months-leading-ny-lawmaker-says/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"The investigation into New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) by state lawmakers weighing his impeachment will take “months,” the leader of the probe said Tuesday, despite critics calling for immediate repercussions following multiple allegations of sexual harassment.  New York State Assemblyman Charles Lavine, D-Nassau, is leading the impeachment inquiry.  Charles Lavine, the Democratic state representative and judiciary committee head leading the investigation, said during a Tuesday meeting outlining the details of the probe that he expects it will span “months” given the “breadth and seriousness of the issues under investigation.”  While there is no set timeline, Lavine said he has asked the law firm handling the inquiry, Davis Polk & Wardwell, to “prioritize the investigation,” adding that lawmakers are aware of the desire for a speed but are also “mindful of the due process necessary to ensure the fairness of this process for everyone: the victims, the witnesses and the governor.”  “We’ll start gathering documents as quickly as we can,” Davis Polk partner Greg Andres said, explaining the firm is working with “as much speed as we can.”  A potential conflict of interest with the law firm was also broached at the meeting, as some lawmakers expressed concern about Davis Polk’s connection with Cuomo (the governor appointed longtime partner Dennis Glazer to the board of the State University of New York, Purchase) and with would-be impeachment juror State of Appeals Chief Judge Janet DiFiore (Glazer is her husband).  Representatives for Davis Polk rebutted that Glazer had not worked at the firm since 2012, when he retired, and would not be involved in the investigation, saying the firm assessed potential issues and “concluded there was no conflict.”  Cuomo has been accused of inappropriate behavior by eight different women, including multiple former aides, some of whom have accused him of inappropriately touching them. Cuomo has repeatedly denied inappropriately propositioning or touching anyone, asking critics to wait for New York Attorney General Letitia James (D) to finish her investigation before judging his guilt or innocence. ",339,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886376004,2021-03-23 08:00:00,"What we’re leaving behind after the pandemic, from sweatpants to alcohol",https://www.vox.com/22338457/post-pandemic-leave-behind-instagram-alcohol-makeup,en,False,,104828,Vox,http://www.vox.com,"Ten Americans on the products and behaviors they won’t bring into the next chapter of their lives. Sitting on the floor of my room surrounded by a mountain of relics from my past, I tried to imagine myself on the other side of the pandemic. Holding a Kate Spade purse, its leather faded and limp from years of wear, I was overtaken by a feeling of alienation. In many ways, the girl who’d bought that bag had become a stranger to me. She wore heels to the office and still ascribed to the Gospel of Girl Boss. She’d actually thought the 70-percent-off designer office wear she bought at TJ Maxx would buy her clout in the corporate world. It wasn’t just the purse. Suddenly a closet full of blazers and sheath dresses looked like a hall of artifacts from a bygone era. Working from home was part of it, of course, but there was also a deeper disillusionment with the kinds of things I’d been taught to want and the kind of society that upheld them. Amid economic recession, vast inequality, and nationwide suffering, items meant to convey status (as impostering as mine ever was) felt more tasteless and wasteful than ever. The lack of social influence had also distilled my own tastes and desires to become more my own. I didn’t know which style of jeans were in, so I just wore the ones I liked. On weekends, when I was feeling particularly down, I dressed up in outfits for myself alone, noticing they were much bolder and brighter than anything I used to wear in public. There were other things too. My stack of apocalypse novels, once my preferred genre, seemed redundant if not repulsive against the backdrop of the daily news. I found it hard to believe that I’d once refused to go to the corner store without a coat of mascara. I made a resolution to stop plugging my ears with headphones every time I made an outing, wanting to never take those little daily public interactions for granted again. As a pinprick of light finally starts to glimmer at the end of the Covid-19 tunnel, items will be jettisoned from our lives as a result of this transformative year, both naturally and by choice. Many people I’ve talked to say they will embrace the mellower, more comfortable norms of the socially distant lifestyle. Others, however, anticipate ricocheting in the opposite direction, choosing maximalism in all aspects of life to get as far away from this traumatic year as possible. But everyone, in one way or another, is leaving something — and some part of themselves — behind. These responses have been lightly edited for length and clarity. Claire, Los Angeles Before the pandemic, I did not leave the house without foundation. I couldn’t stand the pinkness of my face, and I had really bad adult acne until a few years ago. Men on the street would often ask me about it or make fun of me. I felt embarrassed to be out in the world without makeup. For a long time, I refused to have mirrors in my house. Now I’m on Zoom all the time, and before I discovered hide self-view I was constantly seeing my own face. For the first time it was like, “Yeah, I’m a pink person. So what?” It just seemed so insignificant suddenly. My appearance, the idea of having my face perceived by other people, started to feel so much less fragile. We were all just little faces on the screen. I think there’s still fun to be had with makeup. There’s a big difference between a statement lip or black eyeliner — the kind of makeup that’s about being more expressive — and the kind of makeup that’s meant for hiding your face. Patricia, Brooklyn All this excess that people have been chasing … Now the pandemic has forced us into thinking, “Why do we need all of these things?” Now, less is more. I really believe the pandemic is going to change the way we shop. I want people to start buying locally. All the books and clothes that I sell in my store are recyclables. They’re either from thrift shops or donations or finds. Why do I have to go to the source when there’s so much that’s already out there? Tobias, Oakland I took off my Apple Watch at the beginning of the pandemic, and it seems doubtful that I’ll put it back on. I’m multitasking less. Usually if someone’s texting me, it’s not an urgent, “What time are we meeting up?” and it can wait until I’m done with whatever I’m doing. Overall, I’m responding to people a lot slower, which is sometimes good and sometimes feels rude. It was also very useful while commuting, which I’m not doing anymore. Even as I’ve gotten back into exercising, I’m less inclined to want the whole gamified, “Good job! You burned X calories every day this week!” aspect. It’s an accessory for a version of me that wanted a faster-paced life, and I think I just want that less now. Ottavia, Los Angeles My birthday was on March 16, the day things started to get really serious in Los Angeles last year. My partner and I bought a bottle of wine to celebrate, and that’s when I realized that drinking only made me feel so much worse about an already bad situation. Then everything slowed down, especially socially. There wasn’t that much reason to drink, so I stopped. It was a completely personal thing for me. I know that for other people it can be a comfort, or a part of their routine they don’t want to give up, and I don’t see anything wrong with that. I just know that I feel better mentally, emotionally, and physically. Saving money is a big part of it, too. I’ve been to small get-togethers and even then I haven’t really wanted to drink. I can have just as nice a time without it. Annie, Providence, Rhode Island When we were all sent home from college last spring, I wore the same sweatpants and sweatshirt for a week and a half. I just couldn’t bring myself to change my clothes. But then as quarantine kept going, I started to push myself to wear things that would make me feel cute. Now they have me living in a hotel nearby, so whenever I go up to campus it’s kind of an event. I like to wear funky stuff. Anything with a bit more personality, a print, or bright colors. Walking up the hill is my runway now. The chance to dress up is something I took for granted when I was at school before the pandemic. I would wear sweats to class. I’ll have higher standards for myself now that my time in college has been cut in half. What’s the point of going out and not fully enjoying yourself? For me, getting dressed up is part of that. Tori, Houston I not only got so much more work done, I [also] felt like my days were fuller. I got to see the sunrise. I started making these elaborate breakfasts. And going to bed made me so happy! Now if I go out to eat with a friend, I can be more confident in saying I’m not gonna have another drink and going home. I have a bedtime now, and I really do not see that stopping. It has actually made me more in control of my behavior during the day. I feel calmer, more at peace. Now I‘m most creative in the morning. I have way more energy, and an hour after I wake up, I’m ready to roll. It’s shifted my entire nature. I look back at my pre-pandemic self and she seems like a child! This year, as horrible as it’s been, has been an opportunity to experiment with things we never would have otherwise. It’s shown me who I want to be and what I want for myself — not on a grand scale, necessarily, but every day. Charlie, Los Angeles I am going to leave behind my gym membership, which seems like the opposite of what a lot of people are going to do, but I just realized that gyms are a cesspool of germs and a waste of money. I bought myself a set of parallel bars instead to use at home. If I want to exercise, I shouldn’t hold myself hostage by paying for a membership. I should just get my ass out of bed and work out. Kate, Longmont, Colorado I used to use Instagram a lot when I was actually doing things — visiting friends, going on work trips, doing things with my spouse. It was like I was telling the world, “Look at what this says about me!” I’ve been asking myself why I never feel inclined to put any part of my life into a semipublic forum anymore. My last Instagram post was a picture of me and my chicken, the last week of March 2020. Now, it’s like, what am I gonna show you, a picture of the 34 hats I knitted in 2020? This weird cocktail I made up? My dogs? I just didn’t care anymore about broadcasting my life. It made me realize that curating this grid for a bunch of people you don’t know that well was always pretty meaningless. The moment it really changed for me was during the Black Lives Matter protests in June. So many people used Instagram as this virtue-signaling tool. On one hand, it’s like, yes, every person should be active in this movement. On the other hand, so many of those people were the same people who went on vacation to Mexico in October. They went to one protest and haven’t worked for any significant change since. Then they’re going on this very same app to showcase activities that actively put lives in danger. I only have so much energy in a day. Now I want to put that energy and effort I used to put into Instagram into actively engaging with the world and the people I care about. Katharina, Atlanta If I can, I’ll always travel as much as humanly possible. The pass has always been worth it in the past, especially with a baby in tow. But I suspect prices will go up — the airlines will have to get their lost revenue somehow — and travel now is just weird. Buffets at lounges are questionable, and how quickly will we be comfortable with a packed lounge? Things will be odd for a good while. Plus, several countries will have tight border restrictions for another year minimum, I’m sure. Travel will not be easy, fast, or cheap in the foreseeable future. So I may well give it up for at least a year or two. I remain hopeful it won’t be longer. Sarah, New York There are so many advantages to a remote first date. I can see if they actually look like their pictures, we can see if we have a connection, it requires minimal makeup, I can throw on a cute top with sweatpants, and it takes 45 minutes. You have much more control over the environment and the situation that you don’t feel like you need a drink. There’s no risk involved. When I do decide to leave my house, it’s not for the possibility of something, it’s for something real. I’ll definitely keep doing things this way post-pandemic. As you get older, carving out time to date takes more of a commitment. It’s about prioritizing my own time, deciding what’s worth the effort and what isn’t. Your weekly guide to what we buy, why we buy it, and why it all matters. Check your inbox for a welcome email. Will you support Vox’s explanatory journalism? Understand how policy impacts people. Delivered Fridays. Check your inbox for a welcome email. Check your inbox for a welcome email. ",2005,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886369560,2021-03-23 09:57:11,"A business in Chico, California receives $43,000 tip",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/a-business-in-chico-california-receives-43000-tip/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. ,19,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886367623,2021-03-23 09:31:17,"A Visceral and Fabulist Short Story Collection Filled With Roots, Inheritance and Blood",https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/books/review/eat-the-mouth-that-feeds-you-carribean-fragoza.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by Fiction The stories in “Eat the Mouth That Feeds You” expand the way we perceive the confines of our earthly vessel. When you purchase an independently reviewed book through our site, we earn an affiliate commission. “Death is not an event in life,” Ludwig Wittgenstein wrote; “we do not live to experience death.” For one young woman in Carribean Fragoza’s innovative debut, “Eat the Mouth That Feeds You,” this simply is not true. In “Me Muero,” the narrator steps away from her corpse on a concrete patio during a family gathering. She strolls through the packed house. “My body,” she says, “is something I operate like a bike.” Throughout this charmingly strange collection, Fragoza shows the reader that death is not as Wittgenstein describes it — here, death is both lived through and experienced, and Fragoza uses the unreal in fiction to report from the other side. In these 10 fabulist tales, the body and the inevitability of loss shimmer, and each story moves effortlessly between horror and the real. In the tradition of Surrealists like Leonora Carrington, who once wrote, “Houses are really bodies,” Fragoza has plunged into the depths of her characters’ psyches and the unruly abodes in which they now find themselves. In a way, all story collections function as a type of body, each tale an individual organ or limb that contributes to the whole. This is particularly true of Fragoza’s intensely corporeal book. In “Mysterious Bodies,” a story where characters barter for pharmaceuticals with “several hundred pesos and a newborn iguana,” physicality becomes a vehicle for the grotesque with descriptions that push the reader’s comfort and conception of the body. “She breathed deeply to contain the seething, crackling little boils. But this time their angry hunger could not be appeased and they continued to spread and mount, bursting into voracious mollusks, clams and barnacles that gnawed incessantly at her throbbing meat.” In the title story, a baby eats the flesh of her mother. The narrator’s daughter starts with a taste for clay, like Rebecca, the earth-eating orphan in “One Hundred Years of Solitude,” but in Fragoza’s story, dirt consumption escalates into matriarchal cannibalism. Told with an allegorical ear, the story highlights the nature of inheritance and motherhood. “I understand you now my daughter because with the taste of my mother in my mouth, with her flesh in my body and her blood in my veins I will understand her, too.” Sacramental and surreal, the story serves as the throbbing, peculiar heart of the collection. But these stories also expand the way we perceive the confines of our earthly vessel. In “Ini y Fati,” a centuries-old virgin saint befriends a small girl struck by lightning in a vacant city lot. The pair form an unlikely and heartfelt friendship: Fati, rescued from death by her newfound playmate, watches as Ini performs miracles, reviving a sparrow and willing purple flowers to appear instantaneously on a naked bush. Miracles, the high-wire acts of a boundless imagination, appear throughout the collection, and here, Ini proclaims, “I mend people’s petty ailments, and for what?” Her own answer is clear: “So they can go back to living their miserable lives. Full of hunger, abuse, disaster. And yet, people insist on living.” The story asks enormous questions about the basis of faith and violence, especially violence enacted upon women and girls at the hands of men. Ini, who was stabbed to death by her own father, questions truth and the nature of God. “I’ve received no revelations,” Ini says. “Except, of course, myself.” While this is Fragoza’s debut book, she has been published widely as a journalist, including in LA Weekly and The Los Angeles Review of Books, her work focusing on Chicano culture and identity in Southern California. That region glistens in this collection, and in the tenderly weird opening story, “Lumberjack Mom,” a young girl recalls the time, after her father abandons the family, when her mother showed a prodigious aptitude for axing furniture, weeds and the family’s barren and overgrown lime tree. Like the children themselves, the tree grew from seeds carried into the United States from Mexico. Roots, inheritance and blood run through this collection, pulsing in the veins of these Chicana characters. “Eat the Mouth That Feeds You” is an accomplished debut with language that has the potential to affect the reader on a visceral level, a rare and significant achievement from a forceful new voice in American literature. Advertisement ",746,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886368428,2021-03-23 09:59:01,Ethiopian leader says troops who raped civilians in Tigray will be held to account after CNN investigation,http://rss.cnn.com/~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/5l1KyTpU2So/index.html,en,False,,1095,CNN,http://www.cnn.com/,"CNN's Schams Elwazer, Richard Roth, Sarah Dean and Angela Dewan contributed to this report.  ",16,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886373376,2021-03-23 09:51:39,Secrets To Getting The Best Results Out Of Your Bread Machine,https://www.forbes.com/sites/alywalansky/2021/03/23/secrets-to-getting-the-best-results-out-of-your-bread-machine/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Early in 2020, many people embraced the art of baking bread as a creative way to pass the time in lockdown. A year later, that may mean some people are really into homemade bread at this point - and others are kind of over it. And that means a whole lot of abandoned or hardly used bread machines. Once you get to know your machine, you just may fall in love.  Bread machines, like any new kitchen technology, can be pretty intimidating at first. There’s all sorts of settings and for the novice bread maker, it may be hard to figure out how to actually use it - and how to get the results we long for.  But is bakery-quality bread possible using a bread machine? Yes! And, so much more. Once you get to know your machine — and come to the realization that the bread machine is in many ways like a mini slow cooker — you just may fall in love. All bakers can find bread makers helpful in the bread-making process. “Novices like to put everything in the bucket, press start, and have a loaf of hot bread 3 hours later,” said PJ Hamel, blog author and baker at King Arthur Baking Company. For the more experienced baker, there’s another way of going about it: Use the machine to knead the dough (using the dough or manual cycle), but then they take it out and shape and bake it themselves.  “This is a great option for people with physical issues around kneading (arthritis, etc.); or those who simply don't have time to ""supervise"" the kneading/rising process, and want to dump everything in the bucket, press start, and come back to risen dough — ready to shape and bake — a couple of hours later,” said Hamel. Getting started If you're comfortable with bread making you might want a machine with programmable controls, ones you can set yourself as far as kneading time, rising time, baking time, and more. “This is useful if you know your favorite whole wheat loaf takes longer than usual to rise; determine just how long, and program it in. Ditto sourdough, which often needs quite a long time to rise,” said Hamel. Embracing the science A big mistake made with bread machines is not taking the ambient air humidity and temperature into effect. “If the room the bread machine is in is cold and dry, the bread could take longer to proof/ferment, resulting in a denser loaf that did not rise to its desired potential in the time assigned by the machine before the next step,” said Randhawa. It’s not just about bread Sure, you can make bread in the bread maker! But there’s so much more you can do. For example, most bread makers have a jam setting that stirs and mixes all of the contents in the bread pan for a couple of hours (the shortest time is usually 1.5 hours). And then you have jam...or soup! “When making soup on your bread machine, you simply put all of your ingredients in, then heat and mix them in the bread machine,” said  Ed Harris, a chef who is most famous for being a winner on Food Network’s hit cooking show, “Chopped” and competing on “Iron Chef International. ”Make sure to check on this periodically during the 1.5 hours and be prepared for a tasty treat when ready,” said Harris. You may need to puree the final contents from the bread pan for a smoother consistency. Jams and sauces are also great in the bread machine..  We all know bread machines are great for baking sandwich breads and quick breads, but one of the lesser utilized functions is the jam setting.  “Jams and sauces are incredibly easy to prepare, making your bread machine even more valuable and versatile,” said Jane Bonacci, co-author of ""The Gluten-Free Bread Machine Cookbook"" with Shannon Kinsella.  From fresh fruit or vegetable-packed jams to chutneys and sauces, you can have homemade treats for your family and to use as gifts for family and friends, according to Bonacci. And don't forget that sweeter jams and chutneys can be used as a topping for ice cream for a fun and different end to any meal. Want to make your own ketchup or BBQ sauce?  “Just toss the ingredients in the machine and let it do all the work. If you have dietary restrictions, such as being gluten free, you can make your own condiments customized to your personal requirements,” said Bonacci. So, give that bread machine another whirl. It just may become your favorite kitchen appliance. ",769,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886375996,2021-03-23 08:20:00,10 ways office work will never be the same,https://www.vox.com/recode/22331447/10-ways-office-work-pandemic-future-remote-work,en,False,,104828,Vox,http://www.vox.com,"From where we work to how our work is measured, office work will be permanently different after the pandemic. 
    Uncovering and explaining how our digital world is changing — and changing us.
   In particular, knowledge workers — high-skilled workers whose jobs are done on computers — will likely see the biggest changes, from our physical locations to the technology we use to the ways in which our productivity is measured. In turn, how we work impacts everything from our own personal satisfaction to new inventions to the broader economy and society as a whole.  These changes represent a chance to remake work as we know it and to learn from the mistakes of our working past — if we’re thoughtful about how we enact them. Here are 10 ways in which office work will never be the same.  Even after the pandemic is no longer forcing us to work from home, many people will continue to do so. That’s because working from home has worked surprisingly well for both employers and employees. People were productive and employers saw a future in which they were less tethered to expensive office real estate. And, going forward, many of the things that aren’t working — having to homeschool while working, for example, or feeling like work never ends because you never leave your house — will be alleviated when we’re not in the middle of a global health crisis that’s adding extra hurdles and stress to working from home. And there are measurable benefits to working from home. In short, the ability to work from home is no longer a perk; not allowing it is a dealbreaker.  For years, workers have clamored for more flexibility in their work to accommodate their lives. And working from home will give them that.  “A lot of our employees said, ‘I’m getting more sleep,’ ‘I’m exercising more,’ ‘I’m making myself healthier food,’ ‘I know my neighbors more,’” said Ali Rayl, Slack’s VP of customer experience. “And people are really digging that kind of getting back to their lives.” The flip side to all this flexibility is an increased feeling that work never ends: People are logging longer hours, attending more meetings, and complaining of just generally being always on. It’s tough to find work-life balance when the lines between the two are blurred. People spend an additional hour — for a total of 10 hours — connected to Slack than they did pre-pandemic. The amount of time people spend actively working in or communicating on Slack jumped 30 percent to 110 minutes a day, according to the company. That means more time with Slack in the background and the foreground of our lives. All of this can hamper productivity and generally leave people feeling worn out. Microsoft’s January survey found that 54 percent feel overworked and 39 percent say they feel exhausted. Jared Spataro, corporate VP for Microsoft 365, considers this an “opportunity” for leadership to improve the experience at work. “If you just go with the flow and let the default reign, you’ll end up in a worse place than pre-pandemic,” he said. The benefits of working from home will not be evenly felt. While some groups have enjoyed working from home, the arrangement has been challenging for others. Many presumed young people, who are more familiar with technologies like video calls, would have had an easier time with the transition to working from home than their older and less tech-savvy peers, but multiple studies say that hasn’t been the case. “They are impatient to be successful,” Eddy Ng, a professor at Bucknell University and one of the report’s authors, told Recode. “They now know the value of social capital and the need to interact with others.” Meanwhile, more senior employees as well as managers — many of whom had been skeptical of remote work pre-pandemic — are more likely to prefer working from home. About 60 percent of business leaders said they are “thriving,” according to Microsoft’s Work Trend Index, while a similar percentage of Gen Z workers are only “surviving,” or struggling with well-being and mental health. There are a bunch of reasons for the age divide.  Work-from-home software proved surprisingly effective and simple for people of all ages, with 80 percent of employees in the Bucknell survey reporting that they had an easy time figuring out and using their company information and communication technology (think Zoom, Slack, Teams). Managers reported fewer distractions — namely, their underlings interrupting them at the office. Additionally, older employees are more secure in their careers. They are also more likely to have nicer, bigger, and more private home arrangements than younger people, who often have to contend with roommates or young children at home. A Slack study showed that race also affects people’s experience of working from home.  While many companies are downsizing their office footprints, most are not getting rid of offices. Indeed, the office will still play an important — though different — role in people’s work. More time in the office will be geared toward collaborative work that’s more challenging at home. Employers are also eager to revive the serendipity and problem-solving a physical office engenders — think of running into a colleague from a different department in the break room and getting her outside perspective on a task that’s tripping you up. “We’re starting to think about the office as a tool in our toolkit for getting certain kinds of work done,” Slack’s Rayl said. “Folks come into the office a couple times a week, they have plans with colleagues to get together and brainstorm and plan collaboration in person.” And to accommodate this type of work, the office itself will need a bit of a makeover.  To aid the reconfiguration, some companies will replace people’s personal desks with “hot desks,” or space that any employee can use for private work when they’re in the office. 
    Related
   Technology in the office will also need a bit of a reboot, to accommodate meetings so that people videoconferencing in from home feel on equal footing with those in the office. This will require better video hardware and software so that at-home workers don’t feel like they’re just a box on a screen. Thanks to layoffs during the pandemic, many companies will have to operate with a leaner workforce than before. In turn, the remaining workers will have to rely more heavily on technology, fast-tracking existing trends toward artificial intelligence, automation and contract work. “The introduction or acceleration of these tools should allow us to be able to handle the volume of business without having to do a lot of hiring until the economy is really booming again,” Kate Duchene, CEO of consulting firm Resources Global Professionals (RGP), told Recode.  Companies hoping to be more agile are also likely to outsource more work to contract and freelance workers, who they have to pay less since they’re short-term and don’t get as many benefits as employees.  “Companies said it last recession, and they’re really saying it this recession,” explained Steve King, partner at Emergent Research. “Everybody’s telling us that … we’re going to increase our use of external talent or non-employee labor.” He added, “Once you’ve made the decision to integrate someone in remotely, whether they’re a traditional employee or not, it’s not as big a leap to then say, ‘Oh, we can hire a contractor to do that work.’” For those of us left with jobs, we can take solace in the fact that our work might be less tedious.   Wayne Kurtzman, research director at IDC, expects workplace software to incorporate a lot more artificial intelligence and machine learning in the next five years that will help knowledge workers do their jobs with less drudgery. “So many of us, when we work, such a big percentage is in menial tasks and not the actual valuable work,” he said. “What if we were able to automate a portion of menial tasks and spend more time on meaningful work?” With more artificial intelligence and automation, “More barriers to work getting done will be removed so work can be done quicker, more intelligently, and possibly even more creatively.” For instance, workplace software like Zoom and Teams already lets people transcribe meetings. What if future versions trimmed those meetings down to shorter videos or text that would be most germane to you? As we move more toward a hybrid work model, don’t expect your colleagues to get back to you right away. While in an office, you can walk right up to your boss or coworker to ask a question. The creators of workplace software are hoping to make things a little different online. Specifically, to enable a remote workforce that might be scattered around the globe,  they’re hoping to replace a lot of synchronous communication (in-person chats, live video, phone calls) with conversations that can happen at people’s leisure (messages, posts, recorded video). The intention is to allow people to better concentrate than they could in the office, and to accommodate the realities of working from home. “The companies that have navigated this the best are the ones that have figured out what’s urgent and how can we plan to make sure that fewer things are urgent,” Slack’s Rayl said. Doing so enables workers, especially parents, to make room for their lives at home, including teaching their kids or bringing them to school. “The expectation that everyone’s on all the time and everyone responds instantly is deeply unhealthy and it’s not equitable.” As it stands, Time Is Ltd.’s Rezab says that most employees use existing communications software like Slack and Teams in a way that’s very synchronous. When people message their colleagues, they expect a quick response and they usually get it, which can be deleterious for concentration. “Most of the current users of tools like Slack, Microsoft Teams, and others, treat it as synchronous communication,” Rezab said. “And I think — personal opinion — that’s wrong.” For communication to be truly asynchronous, the software will have to be better at managing people’s expectations. Slack has been adding a number of subtle tweaks to goad people toward asynchronous communication, like putting up do not disturb notifications if people connect their calendars and are in a meeting. The company is also working on a feature that would allow asynchronous video recording so that people can add video comments to a conversation about a prototype, for example, without all having to gather in an hour-long meeting to do so. It will also be important for companies themselves to govern how people use their workplace communications software and what’s expected of them and their response times. The vast majority of communications on Slack and Teams happen through direct messages, which many people feel compelled to respond to more quickly than, say, a post in a channel. To make sure this doesn’t feel just as pressing as a tap on the shoulder, companies need to institute guidelines that assure workers a response isn’t immediately necessary.  Unfortunately, since many companies moved to remote work so swiftly at the onset of the pandemic, they didn’t have time to put into place best practices for communicating online and working from home, Lister, from Global Workplace Analytics, said. Just because things are working okay doesn’t mean they can’t be made better. One long-held criticism of the physical office is that metrics, like how long you spent there, mattered to management, and this assumption cultivated a system that benefited, say, young men without families, who could log more hours. Now, without as much emphasis on the actual office, the way that managers measure an employee’s success will also change. RGP’s Duchene said the emphasis for knowledge workers has moved to output, or how much work an employee actually does.  “When I think about two years ago, how did you evaluate people in a workplace setting, it was aptitude, attitude, and attendance,” Duchene said. “Now that you don’t have those things on a daily basis, the concentration is on output.” IDC’s Kurtzman thinks productivity metrics will be more qualitative: the outcome of production rather than the raw amount of something produced. He argued, “How much you can produce is an assembly-line metric, but doesn’t tell me how happy the customer is and if the customer will buy from you again.”  “You can’t make that your priority and ignore everything else,” Duchene said. It’s much harder to make and retain a company culture when workers aren’t in the same room. And that ability has diminished as the pandemic has worn on. “I wasn’t worried at the beginning of Covid about keeping the culture alive — we were all reaching out, everyone was so concerned about community,” said RGP’s Duchene. “Then we got in a rhythm of ‘this is here to stay’ so there’s not as much energy.” In turn, workers have been limiting their interactions to a more core group of people — the ones they work with directly — rather than communicating with a wider range of groups that they may have in the office. And judging from onboarding metrics during the pandemic, that shift is primed to continue. The number of connections new hires make at work — inferred by time spent in small meetings and in the number of direct communications with different people — is down 17 percent compared with pre-pandemic, according to data from Time Is Ltd.  “It’s been a good thing for productivity, a bad thing for culture,” Duchene said. Without interactions with a wide range of people at your company, company culture suffers since people aren’t exposed to the same set of behaviors and values.  “This will create silos in the business, massive silos,” Time Is Ltd.’s Rezab said, which can contribute to groupthink and can hinder progress. “The company gets things done by collaborating cross-functionally,” Rezab said. To rectify this, management will have to be more intentional with connecting people across the organization, rather than just their direct colleagues. So far it’s been difficult to mimic online the culture-building that happens in person.  You don’t come out of seeing your coworkers — and their living rooms and their babies and their pets — in the middle of a global pandemic without getting a little closer to them. And such closeness makes people happier and better at work.  The pandemic did a good job of humanizing people, not only because we saw more of their interior lives but because we worked with them while going through something immense.  “It was in fact a shared experience, but it was also coping with the shared experience together. It was people helping each other do it better,” IDC’s Kurtzman said. “That technology actually made us more human is a fascinating thought.” Indeed, one in six people reported crying with a coworker this year, according to Microsoft’s study, and nearly one in three say they are more likely to be their authentic selves at work than last year. About 40 percent said they were less embarrassed when their home life showed up at work compared to how things used to be. All of these interactions correlate with a better sense of well-being, higher productivity, and more positive perceptions of work, according to the study. Of course, it hasn’t all been smooth sailing. It’s easier to misinterpret text than it is in-person communication, and a lot more of our conversations are happening that way. As such, we’ve become increasingly reliant on emoji to convey what we’re trying to say.  On Slack, emoji usage jumped a whopping 80 percent since the onset of the pandemic when we shifted to remote work, according to the company. According to a survey commissioned by Slack, the five most popular remote work emoji are the face with tears of joy, red heart, thumbs up, rolling on the floor laughing, and smiling face with heart eyes.  As more people can work from anywhere, more people will. There’s been more than a five-fold increase in the number of remote job postings on LinkedIn compared with last year. And nearly half of workers said they’re planning to move now that they can work remotely, according to both the Microsoft survey and one from Owl Labs. This has the potential to reverse a decades-long move toward big cities.  “The shift to the big cities has been decelerated,” Emergent Research’s King said, “because at least in the near term — the next three to five years — location won’t matter as much.” For those knowledge workers who move, this is a chance for more freedom in where they live and the chance to enjoy a higher standard of living than they had when tethered to big expensive cities. For employers, this means access to a wider range of talent than can be found in the city they’re headquartered in. It’s one of the many changes the pandemic has wrought on office work. Will you support Vox’s explanatory journalism? Check your inbox for a welcome email. ",2862,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886369546,2021-03-23 09:58:25,Teachers question new 3-foot social distancing guidelines,https://www.cbsnews.com/news/school-social-distancing-3-feet-teachers-not-convinced/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,"Watch CBSN Live 
                      By Bo Erickson
                   ""These updated recommendations provide the evidence-based roadmap to help schools reopen safely, and remain open, for in-person instruction,"" CDC Director Rochelle Walensky said in a statement last week.  But on Tuesday, Randi Weingarten, president of the 1.7-million-member American Federation of Teachers, told Walensky and Education Department Secretary Miguel Cardona that while she and her members ""trust the CDC ... to provide them with accurate information,"" they have concerns about the recent changes. The letter was obtained by CBS News.  ""We are not convinced that the evidence supports changing physical distancing requirements at this time,"" Weingarten wrote. ""Our concern is that the cited studies do not identify the baseline mitigation strategies needed to support 3 feet of physical distancing."" Weingarten also questioned the scientific foundation of the social distancing studies: ""[T]hey were not conducted in our nation's highest-density and least-resourced schools, which have poor ventilation, crowding and other structural challenges.""  Weingarten and the AFT are advocating the following ""at a minimum"" for additional requirements:  ""Weakening one layer of layered mitigation demands that the other layers must be strengthened,"" said Weingarten.  The teachers union also posed several questions about the practicality of the Biden administration recommendations, including whether teachers must ""remain in one spot at the front of the room the entire day"" in order to abide by adult social distancing recommendations and whether social distancing recommendations apply to school buses, too.  The union letter comes a day before the Biden administration hosts its ""National Safe School Reopening Summit"" on Wednesday, which will focus on implementing current CDC guidance in schools, technical assistance for school administrators and supporting students.  High school students are the least likely to be in the classroom right now, with 23.2% of older students learning solely virtually, according to the data. Bo Erickson is a reporter covering the White House for CBS News Digital. Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ",362,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886367616,2021-03-23 09:32:38,International travelers from England could soon face a hefty fine.,https://www.nytimes.com/live/2021/03/23/world/covid-vaccine-coronavirus-cases/international-travelers-from-england-could-soon-face-a-hefty-fine,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by Send any friend a story Daily coronavirus deaths in Britain have dropped to their lowest level since fall, thanks in part to a vaccination program that has already reached more than half the adult population, and the country is preparing to slowly reopen its economy after months of national lockdown. A stay-at-home order is to be lifted on Monday, though many shops and other businesses will be closed until mid-April or later. Travel abroad for leisure is banned until May 17 at the earliest, and the new regulations signal a potentially longer wait for vacationers. If the new regulations are approved, travelers would have to provide a valid excuse for leaving the country, which would include some essential work, elite sports competitions and education. But opposition lawmakers have criticized an exemption that would allow travel “in connection with the purchase, sale, letting or rental of a residential property,” arguing that it would privilege those wealthy enough to own a second residence. Travel without an essential reason is also banned in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. The legislation, which is set to be reviewed on April 12 and expire at the end of June, would also renew a ban on indoor gatherings and limit outdoor gatherings to six people. Lawmakers on Thursday will also vote on extending a coronavirus act that gave the government emergency powers during the pandemic, which has caused friction among some members of the governing Conservative Party who have called the laws extreme. Advertisement ",251,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886381348,2021-03-23 10:04:30,"The US could see a 4th coronavirus surge driven by new variants, CDC chief warns, as cases rise across more than half the country",https://www.businessinsider.com/us-faces-new-coronavirus-surge-cases-rising-cdc-chief-warning-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. Plateauing COVID-19 case rates, and the discovery of coronavirus variants in several states, could mean an ""avoidable"" fourth surge in COVID-19 cases is on the way in the US, the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Monday. Dr. Rochelle Walensky said the US was at a ""fork in the road"" in the pandemic, as more people get vaccinated. She noted several indicators pointed to a concerning trend, including: ""Taken together, these statistics should serve as a warning sign for the American people,"" Walensky said. Referring to the leveling of COVID-19 cases and hospital admissions seen in the past two weeks, she said she considered them ""very concerning."" She said there would be ""another avoidable surge"" without immediate action. Walensky's warning comes as the US ramps up its vaccination rollout. But experts warn that while vaccination rates rise, the virus can continue to circulate. ""I'm calling the American people to action, whether they're vaccinated or not, to recommit to doing the right thing,"" Walensky said on Monday. ""Take the steps we know work to stop COVID-19. Wear a well-fitting mask, socially distance, avoid crowds and travel, and be ready to roll up your sleeve to get vaccinated when the vaccine is available to you."" 
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",328,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886375989,2021-03-23 08:30:00,“The clock is ticking”: Battling cancer while the world is on pause,https://www.vox.com/22344873/coronavirus-covid-pandemic-cancer-metastatic,en,False,,104828,Vox,http://www.vox.com,"“I don’t know how much time I get.” Justine Luebke, a 32-year-old teacher who lives in Montana, was undergoing chemotherapy for metastatic cancer when the pandemic hit last year. As the world shut down, Luebke was figuring out what she wanted the rest of her life to look like. “Time takes on a new meaning when you go through this,” she said. “This pandemic has definitely felt like it’s taken time from me. And I don’t know how much time I get.” There is no cure for metastatic cancer. Treatment options are available, but once diagnosed, it is generally understood that patients will be sick for the rest of their lives. The median survival range for people with the disease is three years, but that can vary wildly depending on factors like age and treatment. It is common among those who are diagnosed to experience an urgent shift in their priorities — some want to travel the world, or stay close to family, or pursue meaningful fulfillment in their professional enterprises. Unfortunately, all of those considerations are sidelined by a pandemic. As vaccinations ramp up, the country is taking on a newfound optimism and a sense that the end of the worst of this pandemic is fast approaching. For many, the past year will represent only a blip in their lifespan. But the same blessing does not apply to those battling cancer. They aren’t guaranteed anything, other than the weekslong intervals between check-ins with their doctors. They never know what news the next scan might bring. This pandemic has been cruelly unfair for so many different reasons, but especially for those who don’t know how much time they have left — and will never get lost time back. We reached out to three women, all in their 30s, about what it’s been like to endure the Covid-19 pandemic while having metastatic cancer. Some of them are raising kids, some are still going to work, and all of them feel like the pandemic has stolen a precious year away from them. When you’re sick, all you want to do is hug your friends. Read their stories below.  Justine Luebke, 32, Montana In 2019 I was diagnosed with rectal cancer. I went through five weeks of chemo, and then waited for my surgery. It went terribly wrong. I ended up losing all of my large intestines, most of my small, and was in the ICU for a month. By the time I was strong enough to do the cleanup chemo, they had found that the cancer had spread to my liver and my lungs. So, in August of that year, I had confirmed metastatic cancer. I was doing chemo all the way up to April 2020. Covid felt like a domino effect. It was a Saturday night in March, and my family called me and said that I needed to consider going fully into quarantine. I’m a teacher, so that would’ve meant not teaching. I went to the grocery store and stocked up, and told my school that I shouldn’t be going in. But after that weekend, everything shut down anyway. When I was going through these treatments, I’d have my parents at every appointment with me. Every doctor’s appointment, every scan, they were present. And now they couldn’t be there. That was extremely tough, especially on chemo days.  I still get to see my parents outside of the appointments. Fighting cancer is as mental as it is physical, and if I didn’t see my parents I’d go to a pretty dark place. My mom works from home. My dad goes into work but is very careful. I’m now fully vaccinated, so that helps a ton, too. I’m able to see friends who are also vaccinated.  One thing I wasn’t willing to give up is teaching. I’ve been teaching in person all year, and I try to create a bubble in my classroom. My kids are my biggest reason for fighting. I don’t have kids of my own, and I will not be able to have kids of my own. So, my students are like my kids. The fifth graders I teach are the same students I had in kindergarten. When they run up to me and give me a hug, that’s when I’m like, “Okay, that’s why you have to keep fighting, because you’re not going to leave these kids.” When I come to school, I leave what I’m dealing with at the door and I can be there for them. They give me meaning beyond cancer. Time takes on a new meaning when you go through this. They almost lost me when I was in the ER. After that, the moments you spend with your friends and your family are so precious. We’ve all tried to find connections during quarantine. We can Zoom with our friends. But you just want to be having dinner in their house together. This pandemic has definitely felt like it’s taken time from me. And I don’t know how much time I get. Emily Veach, 39, Illinois Covid has been stressful and scary, but I also felt like I had a bit of a head start on these feelings of uncertainty, and the perception of threat in my environment. A lot more people have gotten to know the things that I worry about already. My idea of normalcy was stripped away a long time ago.  I was originally diagnosed in 2014 with early-stage breast cancer. It has since spread to my bones, and became late-stage breast cancer in 2017. My treatment weakens my immune system. I’ve had fevers that have landed me in the hospital, so I’ve always been aware of that even before the pandemic — long before 2020, I was flying with a mask on. Now, I no longer have to put up with any weird stares about wearing a mask.  I was making plans to move to Illinois before the pandemic started. When the lockdowns occurred, I knew that’s what I still wanted to do, and I went through all the scenarios to figure out what was the safest way. My wonderful mother volunteered to drive out and get me. I rented an SUV and packed everything in there, to the point that it felt like a big camping trip. I made the journey alone, and made stops along the way. My favorite was in Cedar Crest, New Mexico. I knew someone through my network who runs a nonprofit that does adventure trips for cancer survivors. I wanted to spend this trip outside of anyone’s home, and he invited me to camp in his place. It was up in the mountains, he hooked me up with a portable heater, and I spent the night in his horse barn. It was beautiful. The things that have become most important in my life are nature and my community. But I haven’t seen my dad in a long time. I haven’t seen my best friends. We can jump on video calls, but I really want to hug my friends. When you’re dealing with full-time treatment, it makes you want to go out into the world and travel and experience all of these things. There’s a time sensitivity about that to me.  I have scans every 12 weeks. You never know which scan is going to be a really big change in your life. While I have this stability, I want to be out doing all I can.  Erin Schellert, 37, Missouri I was diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer in May of 2019. I was 36 years old, and my two kids turned 2 and 4 within a month of my diagnosis. I went in to see a doctor for an unrelated issue, and through some imaging they found a mass on my breast. It went downhill from there. Breast cancer wasn’t even on my radar, and then I learned it was in my brain, my lungs, and my bones. You’re in treatment indefinitely with my cancer. I live my life in three-month increments.  Currently I’m doing really well. If I was walking down the street you’d have no idea what was going on with me. That whole summer, two years ago, felt like it was stolen from us. I was thinking about all the fun things we could do as a family, and now here I was sick from chemo and hairless. 2020 was supposed to be the year we made up for lost time. I heard bits and pieces about Covid in the news in the first few months of last year. I can’t remember the exact date, but there was definitely a moment where it felt like the bottom fell out. I saw the writing on the wall that things were about to close down. We obviously couldn’t travel last summer, but we were able to get together with some people who had kids between the ages of 1 through 5. My husband was doing all the shopping, which was a big adjustment for us. It was manageable, but as the year progressed, we definitely got more scared. My mother used to visit quite a bit to give me a break and let me rest for a little bit. With nobody comfortable with flying, she didn’t come as often. Before the pandemic, we wanted to hire someone to come to the house and take care of the kids — but we could never find a situation we were comfortable with. That was hard, because I do get tired. Little kids are exhausting. You never know, but it’s pretty likely that my lifespan will be shortened and that my kids won’t have their whole life with their mama. There’s so many things I want to do with them and want to experience together. This should’ve been my daughter’s first year of kindergarten. There’s years of school I’m probably not going to be here for, and we didn’t end up sending her because we were nervous about exposure. We’ve done a good job of making memories this last year, but one thing I really want to do is see all 50 states with my kids. I got them little state passports, and we’re gonna fill them all out. We need to get started on that. The clock is ticking. I want them to look back and say, “Mama really tried to do these things before she was gone.”  The first thing we’re going to do when we get a green light is a road trip. My husband and I used to love road trips before we had children. I want to put the kids in the car and have a destination in mind, but no route. We’re not big planners. We just want to see where things take us. Will you support Vox’s explanatory journalism? Understand how policy impacts people. Delivered Fridays. Check your inbox for a welcome email. Check your inbox for a welcome email. ",1831,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886373361,2021-03-23 09:56:39,"Kern County, Oil, And The Fight To Keep A Blue Collar California",https://www.forbes.com/sites/michaelbernick/2021/03/23/kern-county-oil-and-the-fight-to-keep-a-blue-collar-california/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Kern County, California stretches over 8100 square miles in the south Central Valley, an area larger in size than some states. Over the past half century its proud blue collar economy has been built on real goods that Americans have valued: a wide range of agricultural staples, food processing and manufacturing, and most of all energy, oil and gas.  To travel to Kern today is to see the threats to this economy, and especially to the middle class jobs it has generated. It is to see a county whose officials, elected and appointed, are fighting to keep a blue collar and middle class presence, against the headwinds of global economic forces and California’s own state policies and politics.                                                  *** Teresa Hitchcock, 60, is the director of the Kern Workforce Development Board, the entity charged with job training and placement of workers, especially unemployed and low income workers. Hitchcock has deep roots in the County. Her grandparents came from Oklahoma during the Dust Bowl of the 1930s, and her family has lived in Kern since.  Over her lifetime in Kern, Hitchcock has seen how the county’s blue collar economy, notably the oil and gas industry, has built a middle class. “In Kern County, oil and gas have provided a pathway to the middle class through blue-collar, skilled labor jobs”, she explains. “Maintaining this pathway is a big part of our mission. Middle class can mean jobs in health care or business services.For us it also means jobs in oil and gas, and in blue collar fields of manufacturing, logistics, construction, agriculture, bioenergy production, and logistics.”                                                            *** Oil has been a major employer in the region (an estimated one in seven jobs in the County are tied to oil), with good wages for much of its workforce. Oil and gas had 16,223 direct jobs in the first quarter of 2020, and nearly double that amount with suppliers and other jobs connected to oil production. The average wage of the direct oil jobs in 2020 was $82,017.  Oil employment, though, has fluctuated over the past decade, and suffered several sharp drops as the price of oil has decreased. The dramatic drop in oil prices in 2015 led to decreases in employment of up to fifty percent in some oil occupations between 2015 and 2017. Employment has stabilized since 2017— though the pandemic did bring job losses here as in other sectors.  Agriculture has generated a greater total number of jobs than oil in the past decade and continues to do so today: farm employment totaled 58,000 jobs in January of this year. Agriculture and related food manufacturing employment has actually increased since 2009, with Kern’s broader agriculture cluster gaining 21,600 jobs between 2009 and 2019.                                                            *** These wind and solar facilities, though, so far have generated a very small number of ongoing jobs. The total number of operational jobs in all of the renewable sub-sectors combined in Kern (wind, solar, electric power, hydroelectric) stood at only 543 jobs in 2020. This amounted to less than 4% of the direct employment in Kern’s oil and gas operations. Further, despite the strong renewable presence, employment in renewables is projected to grow in Kern by only 16 jobs in the next year.                                                            *** The County’s battle to keep and even expand its blue collar economy starts with oil—at the permit hearings earlier this month, business and labor squared off against fossil fuel opponents. “Legislating oil and gas out of existence in California won’t alleviate the need for the product,” Hitchcock notes. “It just means that California will rely on foreign sources and will be outsourcing the jobs and tax revenue to other countries, with weaker environmental guidelines.” In agriculture, food manufacturing (specialty food manufacturing, packaged produce, dairy products) has become an area of specialization in the County. Food manufacturing provides higher wage jobs than the crop cultivation positions. “Among our current processing facilities are ones with Frito Lay, Dryers Ice Cream and Baby Carrots, as we promote other value added agriculture related to crops grown in out county,” Hitchcock adds.  Two other blue collar sectors have enjoyed strong employment growth with the support of County officials: construction and logistics. The County’s rapid population gains, home building and public works projects have spurred construction employment: up to 16,100 jobs before the pandemic.  The County has welcomed new distribution and warehouse facilities: L’Oreal, Walmart, Target, Ross Dress for Less, American Tire, and the biggest logistics employer, Amazon, which has a facility outside of Bakersfield employing more than 2000 workers and one outside of Shafter, with more than 1000 workers. “Some economic development officials dismiss logistics as low wage. Our experience is that Amazon and other logistics employers provide a range of opportunities. Even in entry level positions most companies provide benefits that other entry level jobs don’t. In addition, we see these companies invest in employees and create internal pathways for career progression.” Kern is home to two major military installations: China Lake Naval Air Weapons Station and Edwards Air Force base, along with the Mojave Air and Space Port, the first certified private spaceport in the United States. According to Hitchcock, “Kern’s aerospace and defense cluster provides over 23,000 jobs. Kern has key strengths in aircraft manufacturing, and key assets in the aerospace research at China Lake and Edwards.”                                                                               *** Not all jobs in the blue collar economy should be maintained. Lower wage field jobs in agriculture are being automated and they should be. Other dangerous and low paying blue collar jobs that can be automated or eliminated, should be. But Kern officials recognize what the “Future of Work” authors miss: a blue collar economy, an economy in which workers produce real goods that Americans need and want, has benefits economically and socially. Not all workers without college degrees can be “upskilled” to be IT specialists, or coders, or medical transcribers—jobs touted by the futurists. Many workers do not have the aptitudes or interests for these jobs; even if they did, these jobs are enough for only a small number of workers. These are workers who need and want more than the paper and service economy that other California officials have become resigned to. Kern at least has not given up on these workers. ",1043,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886367609,2021-03-23 09:58:54,Senate Panel to Debate Gun Control After Two Mass Shootings,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/us/politics/senate-gun-control.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement transcript “I could ask for a moment of silence for the mass shooting in Boulder last night, and after that is completed, I could ask for a moment of silence for the shooting in Atlanta six days ago. And after a minute, I could ask for a moment of silence for the 29 mass shootings that occurred this month in the United States. But in addition to a moment of silence, I would like to ask for a moment of action. Prayer leaders have their important place in this, but we are Senate leaders. What are we doing?” “Like many Americans, I cherish my right to bear arms in the dialogue about gun control. We rarely consider how many Americans are united in their advocacy and enjoyment of this right.” “America awoke today to another nightmare. Stunning, shocking, savage, but unsurprising. Inaction has made this horror completely predictable. Inaction by this Congress makes us complicit.” “And every time there’s a shooting, we play this ridiculous theater. Where this committee gets together and proposes a bunch of laws that would do nothing to stop these murders.” “In addition to a moment of silence, I would like to ask for a moment of action,” said Senator Dick Durbin, Democrat of Illinois, and the chairman of the committee. “A moment of real caring. A moment when we don’t allow others to do what we need to do. Prayer leaders have their important place in this, but we are Senate leaders. What are we doing?” But the twin pieces of legislation passed in the House have been deemed too expansive by most Republicans — only eight House Republicans voted to advance the universal background check legislation. The bills would almost certainly not muster the 60 votes needed to clear a filibuster in the Senate. Senator Chuck Grassley of Iowa, the top Republican on the panel, said in his opening remarks that he was hopeful Democrats and Republicans could work together to make “bipartisan, common-sense” progress on gun control. But he said that the House-passed legislation did not fit that bill, since the measures passed almost entirely along party lines. “That is not a good sign that all voices and all perspectives are being considered,” Mr. Grassley said. Senator Ted Cruz, Republican of Texas, went further, lashing out at Senator Richard Blumenthal, Democrat of Connecticut, who said that Republicans had offered “fig leaves” rather than actionable, significant solutions to gun control. “Every time there’s a shooting, we play this ridiculous theater where this committee gets together and proposes a bunch of laws that would do nothing to stop these murders,” Mr. Cruz said. “But what they propose — not only does it not reduce crime, it makes it worse.” Advertisement ",457,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886369539,2021-03-23 09:58:43,Cuomo resists pressure to resign amid multiple allegations of sexual harassment,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/new-york-governor-andrew-cuomo-poll-wont-resign-allegations-of-sexual-harassment/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886319269,2021-03-23 08:20:00,Coherent stock gains after Lumentum counters II-VI's latest bid with a higher buyout proposal,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/coherent-stock-gains-after-lumentum-counters-ii-vis-latest-bid-with-a-higher-buyout-proposal-2021-03-23?siteid=yhoof2&yptr=yahoo,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,"Shares of General Electric Co. undefined soared 15.5% in premarket trading Tuesday toward the highest levels seen since January 2018, after the industrial conglomerate announced plans to split up into three publicly traded companies. The company said it plans to spin off its GE Healthcare business in early 2023, with GE retaining a 19.9% stake. GE said it will also combine its GE Renewable Energy, GE Power and GE Digital businesses then spin that combination off in early 2024. After the splits, GE said it will remain an Aviation focused company. Current GE Chief Executive Larry Culp will be non-executive chairman of GE Healthcare after it is spun off, and will service of CEO of GE until the second spinoff, at which time he will lead the GE aviation-focused company. ""By creating three industry-leading, global public companies, each can benefit from greater focus, tailored capital allocation, and strategic flexibility to drive long-term growth and value for customers, investors, and employees,"" Culp said. GE's stock has gained 25.5% year to date through Monday, while the S&P 500 undefined has advanced 25.2%. Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. ",204,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886381347,2021-03-23 10:10:31,Gen Z is paying double what boomers paid for college — and the gap will only widen in the future,https://www.businessinsider.com/college-costs-tuition-gen-z-room-board-generational-differences-boomers-2021-3,en,False,,18710,Business Insider,http://www.businessinsider.com,"A leading-edge research firm focused on digital transformation. The report looked at the College Board's estimates for average annual costs of tuition, fees, and room and board. It assumed that students attended a four-year institution between ages 18 and 22 for baby boomers, Gen X, millennials, and Gen Z, adjusting estimates for inflation. The chart below shows just how much college costs have climbed.   From fall 1973 to spring 1977, boomers paid around $39,780 in today's dollars for four years of public college. That's a little more than half the cost for millennials attending public college from fall 2006 to spring 2010: $70,000. And what Gen Z is paying today is more than double that: $90,875. The numbers are even starker for private tuition, which cost around $80,000 in inflation-adjusted dollars for boomers, compared to $165,000 for millennials and a whopping $210,000 for Gen Z. Gen X experienced the beginning of this uphill battle, as tuition costs rose at a compounded annual growth rate of more than 7% a year from fall 1973 through the fall 1990 in real dollars. From fall 1990 to spring 1994, they would have paid $43,857 at a four-year public university and $115,000 for a private college, adjusted for inflation. The ""advantage of a degree today is less than it was 10 years ago, because of the rising cost,"" he added. ""The return on investment has fallen.""  The overall increase in students attending college now compared with previous years indicates that the advantages college offers still outweigh its increasing costs for many, which will fuel costs further. And getting a degree has become increasingly important, according to Joel Anderson, author of the report. As he wrote of Gen Z, ""Not only will they need more money — comparably — than any previous generation, but the shift toward a service economy also means that a career without that pricey education is harder than ever."" 
                            For you
                           
                            For you
                           ",432,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886375982,2021-03-23 09:00:00,This week in TikTok: David Dobrik and YouTube’s distorted culture of consent,https://www.vox.com/the-goods/2021/3/23/22345407/david-dobrik-rape-vlog-squad-youtube-consent,en,False,,104828,Vox,http://www.vox.com,"Something is extremely wrong with the way vloggers perpetuate the idea of consent.  If you asked an average teenager who their favorite influencer was at any point over the past few years, there’s a pretty high likelihood they’d say it was David Dobrik. Dobrik, 24, is a YouTuber with 18 million subscribers, best known for his slice-of-life vlogs where he parties with his fellow quasi-famous friends and pulls pranks with celebrities, resulting in videos with bait-y, all-caps titles like “CAN’T BELIEVE THIS HAPPENED (EMOTIONAL)” (as far as I know this is not an actual title, but it could be). It’s not difficult to pinpoint what made him so beloved: Dobrik plays the role of the approachable guy who’s buddies with all the popular kids but still seems like a good person, the Nick Carraway of the Gen Z influencer world.  That is, until you start rewatching some of Dobrik’s videos. After a while, his “Vlog Squad” could look less like an organic group of friends and more like a cast of characters suffering from severe Stockholm Syndrome; the “pranks” Dobrik and his crew pull start seeming more like exercises in stretching the limits of consent. And over the past year or so, he’s faced far more serious allegations than general YouTube-style tastelessness.  Hannah describes feeling like she had to play a part for the sake of the Vlog Squad’s content. “It was very much an environment where it felt like saying ‘no’ was not OK,” she told Insider. “It felt like from the moment we came there was an expectation that they were doing us a favor and we had to give them content. They were verbally, like, ‘Why aren’t you guys being fun? Do something sort of sexy.’” All of this gets lost on camera, though. “It seemed like I had a super-fun night with these famous vloggers, basically, which is not what happened,” Hannah said of the video she ended up in. “Every single person that I know is messaging me, ‘You were in David Dobrik’s vlog, that’s so cool.’ Or ‘Oh my God, I saw the vlog you were in.’”  It’s impossible to deduce what led to the problems in their marriage (and it’s none of our business anyway), but when people’s normal lives are turned into consumable storytelling with clear narratives that allow for zero nuance, those around them can end up getting hurt. No one should feel like they have to play a role they never signed up for — especially not for someone else’s clout. Will you support Vox’s explanatory journalism? Understand how policy impacts people. Delivered Fridays. Check your inbox for a welcome email. Check your inbox for a welcome email. ",453,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886373352,2021-03-23 09:57:35,New Biden Tax Hike Details Are Out—Here’s What We Know Now,https://www.forbes.com/sites/sarahhansen/2021/03/23/new-biden-tax-hike-details-are-out-heres-what-we-know-now/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"White House press secretary Jen Psaki said Monday that reports surrounding the next phase of Biden’s recovery efforts were “premature.”  Biden will face staunch opposition from Republicans who are likely to balk at new taxes as well as the repeal of parts of former President Trump’s flagship tax cuts from 2017. “The Trojan horse will be called infrastructure, but inside the Trojan horse will be all the tax increases,” Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) told reporters last week. “They want to raise taxes across the board . . . I don’t think there’s going to be any enthusiasm on our side for a tax increase.” ",108,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886369530,2021-03-23 09:58:44,How history of civil rights protests in America connects to George Floyd protests of 2020,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/how-history-of-civil-rights-protests-in-america-connects-to-george-floyd-protests-of-2020/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886367603,2021-03-23 10:00:08,24kGoldn Became a Pandemic Pop Star. Now Comes the Real-World Test.,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/arts/music/24kgoldn-el-dorado.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by The 20-year-old rapper and singer had one of the biggest hits of last year with “Mood,” and is easing into the life of a celebrity with the release of his debut album, “El Dorado.” Send any friend a story It wasn’t supposed to be the right time for a breakthrough, but 24kGoldn had a career-making hit in hand. But even more impressively in a fragmented market, “Mood” also dominated across old-fashioned radio formats, including rhythmic, rock, alternative, Top 40 and adult contemporary, making it officially uncategorizable as anything but a true smash. So while Goldn may have entered the pandemic as yet another teenage rapper who scored a record deal off social-media buzz and songwriting talent, only to risk getting lost in the shuffle, he is leaving it as a newborn pop star, with every industry tool at his disposal to help him grow into the role. Now, with the world and the music business easing back into more normal operations, Goldn has to actually seize what his big song set up for him. His first album, “El Dorado,” is out Friday via the Records label, a joint venture with Sony Music, and its partner Columbia, and it represents one of the first major trial balloons for the emerging-artist machine during a still-tentative moment. The tough part for Goldn, especially in the age of masked semi-isolation and no concerts, is putting a memorable face (and personality) to the high-grade melodies, in hopes of becoming a true multi-hyphenate. Fortunately for him and those betting on him, the artist — born, somehow, Golden Landis Von Jones to two former models in San Francisco — was seemingly built in a lab that mints charisma-oozing, genre-agnostic Gen-Z pop acts. Fizzy, warm and winning, he’s the kind of young man whom a friend’s parents would swoon over upon first meeting — a popular kid who’s avoided alienating any outsider constituencies. With a Cheshire cat smile in width, if not mischievousness, he is likable even while deciding which pair of leather pants to wear to a fashion magazine. “Goldn very much reminded me of a young Will Smith,” said Barry Weiss, the veteran music executive who signed Goldn to Records, and who previously helped jump-start the careers of a teenage Smith, Britney Spears, ’N Sync and Chris Brown. “If this kid wanted to go into politics …,” Weiss said. “When those styles started getting popularized by artists like Carti and Uzi,” he added, “it hit my generation in places that we didn’t know we could be hit before.” Taken by the rapper’s hooks and look, Weiss quickly jumped on a plane to Los Angeles, where Goldn was studying finance on scholarship at the University of Southern California, and pursued what he called an old-school, “don’t let the kid out of the room” strategy to signing him. (Goldn still managed to hold off for a while and, during a follow-up trip to New York, even took a meeting at another major label after telling his primary suitors that he had “to do some family stuff.”) “It felt like I was going after Patrick Mahomes — a franchise player,” Weiss said. “I wanted to put the whole company behind this kid.” But when Goldn returned later, as a signed artist, with the song “City of Angels” — a track he made with Omer Fedi, an Israeli guitarist, songwriter and producer — Weiss was confused. “It was a head-scratcher to me,” he said, recalling telling Goldn’s circle, “Guys, this is like, a rock record.” Goldn’s response? “Kids don’t think that way!” The track became the centerpiece to Goldn’s first official release, the “Dropped Outta College” EP, released in 2019, after he did just that — a gradual process that hinted at Goldn’s overall savvy. “I figured out a way that if I dropped all of my classes except for one, I could still get my full scholarship to live on campus for free and eat on campus for free,” Goldn said, grinning. “I got to live on campus, keep promoting my music, keep being a public figure there and not have to really worry about school too much.” (The one class he did take, on international commerce, came with a trip to Japan.) A naturally graceful social maneuverer, Goldn found that his time at U.S.C. also introduced him to a moneyed, well-connected milieu that he had not encountered growing up as a biracial, working-class kid in the Oceanview neighborhood of San Francisco (which, like a true Bay Area native, he refers to as Lakeview). “In L.A., kids have whole positions in the social hierarchy just based off who their parents are,” he said — a good primer for the shmoozy politics of the music industry. Like his parents, who got by on commercial work and then service-industry jobs, Goldn modeled and acted some as an adorable child with “a huge Afro.” The attention from his classmates — not to mention the spending money — was thrilling, he said, and the work got him comfortable in front of a camera. “I was really good in the auditions,” Goldn said, stating the obvious. But despite his Hollywood inroads, the pandemic might very well have halted whatever momentum Goldn had generated around town. Instead, another guitar riff from Fedi, cooked up while Goldn was playing Call of Duty, led quickly to “Mood.” “A lot of bigger people took their foot off the gas during uncertain times,” KBeazy, a producer behind the hit and other tracks on Goldn’s album, said. “For us, who still weren’t established, we were like, ‘It’s go time — now or never.’” For its collaborators, “Mood” was more than just a defining track — the song was also a path to the signature sound that Goldn had been lacking, not to mention a group of friends and now roommates. The tight group, which is just as likely to listen to Modest Mouse and Weezer as Uzi and Lil Baby, assured that “El Dorado” would have a cohesive feel, instead of the more predictable method of sticking Goldn in the studio with a slate of hot producers who were strangers. “I already tried that line of thinking where we make every song as different as possible and try and get a hit off of it,” Goldn said. In the industry these days, “I think there are a lot of things that feel more futuristic that aren’t really as helpful as people think,” he added. “And I think there’s a lot of stuff that worked in the past that people forgot worked.” For better or worse, like most artists his age, Goldn also doubles as a trend forecaster and digital marketer — innate skills that he can’t help given how he grew up, scouring SoundCloud, buying sneakers online and lurking a Kanye West message board. “The crazy thing about marketing is it changes every day,” Goldn said. “Even the way TikTok was when ‘Mood’ was blowing up versus how it is now — in only a span of eight months, it’s two completely different playing fields.” The labels, he said, are “just flooding it, and they don’t understand how it fully works.” In an S.U.V. this month after taping an appearance on “Desus & Mero” — where he gushed with the hosts about having a Jewish mother and loving “Survivor,” a show that premiered six months before he was born — Goldn was scrolling through photos and videos of himself. He’d been sent a promo clip for his album that was designed for Instagram, but the video quality was lacking. “That always makes it perform worse,” he said as he demanded a cleaner version. Goldn mentioned his fondness for examining the data himself, explaining that he could tell when a song of his was about to blow up when its daily streams increased on a Sunday, when they should be declining. A booming track’s growth chart “looks like a hockey stick,” he said. But these fixations meant that Goldn knew full well that “Coco” and “3, 2, 1,” the follow-ups to his No. 1 hit, were not the same sort of unstoppable rocket ship that he’d gotten used to. “How come it’s not doing like ‘Mood’?” he admitted asking himself before realizing “not every song can be ‘Mood.’” Still, Goldn was obviously itching to bask in the success of what he’d already accomplished during such a bizarre period. He noted that he’d yet to experience playing a sweaty, mosh-heavy festival set or being mobbed by fans in front of his hotel. Releasing “El Dorado” was the first step to these pop-star rites of passage, he knew, but as he continued a promo tour low on crowds and high on health-and-safety protocols, it was clear that he would have to wait just a little bit longer. Advertisement ",1469,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886344342,2021-03-23 08:29:45,Aleem Ford Announces That He’s Done Playing College Basketball For The Badgers,https://dailycaller.com/2021/03/23/aleem-ford-done-playing-wisconsin-badgers/,en,False,,18775,Daily Caller,http://dailycaller.com,"(Photo by Dylan Buell/Getty Images) Aleem Ford is done playing college basketball for Wisconsin. “When one door closes, another opens. Thankful for my time as a Badger. Thank You,” Ford wrote for the fans.     A post shared by 8|24 (@aleemford)     A post shared by Nathan Reuvers (@reuvers35) Now, all eyes turn to Brad Davison and Micah Potter. The two men are the lone remaining seniors who played major minutes who haven’t announced whether or not they’ll be returning for an extra year. Trice, Reuvers and now Ford are all gone. That’s 60% of our senior lineup that saw substantial time on the floor. There’s also Trevor Anderson, but he played a limited role.     A post shared by D’Mitrik Trice (@dmitrik_trice0) Seeing as how Trice, Reuvers and Ford have all announced over the past couple days, you’d have to imagine decisions from Potter and Davison are imminent.     A post shared by @braddavison Hopefully, we’ll get at least one of them back. If not, best of luck to all of them going forward. It’s been a hell of a ride. The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006 ",202,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886319245,2021-03-23 08:34:00,Oil prices sink 4% as European COVID curbs raise demand worries,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/oil-prices-sink-4-as-european-covid-curbs-raise-demand-worries-11616502889?siteid=yhoof2&yptr=yahoo,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,"U.S. and global oil prices fell by roughly 6% on Tuesday to enter correction territory, as renewed  lockdowns in Europe to combat the coronavirus pandemic looked likely to crimp energy demand. “Optimism around a swift global economic recovery has recently been dampened by setbacks in vaccine rollouts in parts of Europe and Southern Asia,” said Christin Redmond, commodity analyst at Schneider Electric, in a market update.  Meanwhile, “U.S. refineries continue to struggle to come back online following the mid-February winter storm, which has resulted in several consecutive weeks of crude inventory builds.” Both WTI and Brent crude logged their lowest front-month contract settlements since February. “A surge in virus cases in mainland Europe, where the rollout of vaccines has been painfully slow, has cast doubt on resumption of travel in the region…Among other things, this is hurting demand projections for crude oil and holidays,” said Fawad Razaqzada, market analyst at ThinkMarkets, in a note. While Europe is struggling with extended shutdowns, the opposite is happening in the U.S., noted Carsten Fritsch, analyst at Commerzbank, where a continued easing of social distancing restrictions, vaccine rollouts, and the release of government financial aid checks are expected to boost demand for crude in the world’s largest oil-consuming country. The divergent trends were evident in the crack spreads — the differential between products produced from a barrel of crude and the crude itself — on either side of the Atlantic. He noted that the gas oil/Brent crack spread in Europe remains very low, below $5 a barrel. By comparison, the comparable U.S. spread is seen around $15 a barrel. Political tensions in the Middle East would normally raise oil prices, but “amidst present oversupply, those factors are not in play,” said Manish Raj, chief financial officer at Velandera Energy. Raj said S&P Global reported that Saudi Arabia is drawing from its inventory to grow its exports, even though the country made voluntary production cuts.   “As a result of Saudi’s drawing from their inventory, the market remains well supplied,” he said, adding that when OPEC+ agreements call for production cuts, there are no restrictions on producers selling from their inventory.   The Saudi-led Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, along with their allies — together known as OPEC+ — plan to meet next week.  Traders are looking ahead to the meeting with the “hope that the group will roll over its production cuts amidst demand uncertainty,” Raj said. Over in the U.S., weekly supply data will be released late Tuesday by the American Petroleum Institute late Tuesday, followed by official data from the Energy Information Administration Wednesday. On average, analysts expect the EIA to report domestic crude supplies down 1.7 million barrels for the week ended March 19, according to an S&P Global Platts survey, which also forecasts weekly supply increases of 900,000 barrels for gasoline and 200,000 barrels for distillates. Elon Musk asked Twitter users over the weekend whether he should sell a 10% stake in the company. They said 'yes.'  Myra P. Saefong, assistant global markets editor, has covered the commodities sector for MarketWatch for 20 years. She has spent the bulk of her years at the company writing the daily Futures Movers and Metals Stocks columns and has been writing the weekly Commodities Corner column since 2005. William Watts is MarketWatch’s senior markets writer. Based in New York, Watts writes about stocks, bonds, currencies and commodities, including oil. He also writes about global macro issues and trading strategies. Before moving to New York, he reported for MarketWatch from Frankfurt, London and Washington, D.C. ",595,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886375977,2021-03-23 09:00:00,The intellectual case for Trump: A debate,https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/22278065/donald-trump-conservative-politics-charles-kesler,en,False,,104828,Vox,http://www.vox.com,"A leading pro-Trump scholar and I argue about Trump’s appeal, the future of right-wing populism, and who’s to blame for a polarized America. If Trumpism had an intellectual home, it would be the Claremont Institute.  The “Flight 93” essay is the most well-known thing Claremont has published, and probably the most provocative, but it’s also aligned with the institution’s broader mission. Over the past four years, Claremont has tried to put intellectual meat on the bones of Trumpism. They may not like Trump, the guy, but they’ve worked hard to provide a theoretical framework for his politics. In this conversation, I press Kesler to explain what, exactly, he saw. Does he think the country is in mortal peril? And if so, why was Trump the solution? Kesler is a serious person, and at times, this is a frustrating exchange. But I believe it offers some insight into what the intellectuals who backed Trumpism are thinking, and why the American right is where it is now.  A lightly edited transcript of our conversation follows. The tone of your book is not reactionary, but it did strike me as the lament of a reactionary, someone who really does believe that the country is on the brink. Is that how you feel? I guess it depends on what you mean by “on the brink.” I don’t think we’re on the brink of anything immediately. The trends are certainly bad, and I don’t see a lot of healthy influences. But I don’t think anything’s inevitable in politics. I’m definitely worried about my country, if that’s what you mean. No, that’s not really what I mean. We’re all worried. But there are many who think we’re in an actual political emergency. I wouldn’t say we’re in an emergency now. We’re approaching a crisis unless things happen in between. I begin the book by pointing out that our politics could change considerably if some extraneous event happens, if a major war breaks out, or if the little green men land from outer space. There could be a game reset if the conditions really were to change suddenly.  But Covid-19 was a pretty big extraneous factor, and it seemed to make very little difference in our politics. It was easily absorbed into the ongoing disagreements. We just had more things to disagree about. We could argue about masks, and shutdowns, and opening up, and all the things that we have been arguing about in addition to the usual stuff from the past year. I’ll be honest: I think you think we’re in a political emergency, but you don’t seem quite willing to say that — at least not in the book.  An act of desperation? I mean someone like you understands what Trump is, what he represents, and supporting him suggests you think things are sufficiently bad that the system has to be blown up in order to be saved. I wrote my dissertation on Cicero, so I know something about Roman republican politics. And in that case, you had essentially 100 years of civil war, off and on, before what we would now recognize as the end of the republic. And it’s not clear that at any moment in that process, you could’ve said, “This is it. This is the last spiral, the last hundred years of republic. We’re doomed.” I think it’s very hard to read that. And we’re far from having pre-civil war conditions.  But that analysis doesn’t recognize that America, as you say, has always been a contentious and fractious polity. We’ve had a lot of diversity in American history and American politics. And that’s why we should be concerned about challenges to unity, because our unity is a constructed political thing, and it takes more maintenance and inspiration than people may believe. How could someone worried about American “unity” look at a guy like Trump and think that’s a solution to our problems?  Well, I think he had a chance. His message, his policies, could have been very helpful in carving out a new middle in American politics. The problem was his tone, his affect, his showmanship and egotism, whatever you want to call it exactly, undercut that political attempt, and it left him in the strange position of governing a country in which 60 percent of the people in one poll said that they were better off now than they were four years before, and yet 20 percent of those people voted against him. So he turned out a lot of pro-Trump voters, but he also turned out a lot of anti-Trump voters. He threw away whatever chance he had to be a unifying figure. And if you look at some of the micro-results, he did better among some Black voters and Hispanic voters in various places. So the simple story of Donald Trump the racist can’t be entirely true. Despite his personality, or maybe because of his personality, he gave them some hope. That’s why I think it might have been a winnable election for Trump, if he had just been a little less Trump-like in his personality.  Look, you can be a nationalist without being a racist, and plenty of non-racist people voted for Trump, but your account of Trump’s naive nationalist pitch is charitable to a degree that is frankly hard to believe. I mean it sincerely. There are parts of Trump that I’ve long disassociated myself from, like the birtherism. I wrote a book about Obama back in 2012, and I made a point in the beginning to say that I don’t believe this. I never had any tolerance for this stuff. And there are things Trump said and did that were crude and regrettable and I don’t want to hear it again. But he did stand up for the traditional, patriotic civic culture. And he was one of the very few Republican politicians who had really any interest in tackling political correctness, or the eventual toppling of monuments and statues, which I think was very defensible on civic or nationalist grounds. This is part of what made Trump so attractive to a lot of voters. There’s a lot there, but I’m going to circle back to the point I was driving at earlier. I think there are right-wing intellectuals who have concluded that democracy has produced the wrong outcomes (culturally and politically) and therefore they believe it has to be rejected, or at least no longer considered inherently good.  Do you think that’s true? No, I think you’re right. I must say, I read more about them than I read of them. Because a lot of them are on the web. If they remain on the fringe, I don’t think it’s an imminent problem. But it could be a long-term problem on the right among a certain kind of disillusioned young male.  I’m not talking about alienated 20-somethings posting Pepe the Frog memes. I’m talking about conservative intellectuals, people like Michael Anton, whose “Flight 93” essay you published. I mean, that essay told readers that the stakes of the 2016 election were literally existential, that they had to “charge the cockpit or you die.” I suppose you could argue that Anton thinks he’s defending the republic there, but I also think he’s saying that democracy has veered so far off the tracks that we need to explode it in order to revive it. I would say in defense of Michael that the only action he’s asking a reader to take is to vote for Trump. The metaphor he uses is histrionic, as he himself has admitted. In fact, I think he admitted that in the original piece itself. But it was designed to shake conservative voters out of a certain kind of lethargy that had come over them because of their discontent with Trump and with the whole process that started with 17 candidates and somehow, in the end, boiled down to Donald Trump. He feared apathy on the right, so he countered that with a dynamic and explosive image.  I think telling people to “charge the cockpit” or die is doing a little more than saying, “Just go out and vote,” but I’ll leave Anton aside. You refer to something called the “Weimar problem” in your book that seems relevant here. You write: “Every republic eventually faces what might be called the Weimar problem. Has the national culture, popular and elite, deteriorated so much that the virtues necessary to sustain republican government are no longer viable?” You hedge on this, but honestly, do you think this is basically where we are? No, but I do fear that’s where we’re headed. It’s a more comprehensive list than I gave there. It would also include doubt about the goodness of the republic. And the grounds of the goodness of the republic is a major part of our ambivalence. It’s a major part of our moral and psychological disarray right now.  But it’s also economic dislocations and what has happened to the middle class and to the working class in America. I don’t think any of that is irrecoverable, though. And I think we can do better. But I do think that, yeah, in some ways, I fear we’re hollowing out the republic. You have two adamant parties that increasingly deplore each other, and which of these parties has the time to take up the banner of the original republic? Which party cares about individual rights, about natural rights, about limited government, about a whole set of constitutional ideas that we were once so proud of but which figure only at the margins of our constitutional and political arguments? There’s some both-sidesism in that answer, but you clearly think the progressive left is the driving force of decay, right? I do lay a fair amount of blame at the feet of progressives, that’s true. I think progressivism imported a whole new conception of political science and human nature, and really a new conception of the purpose of politics, which has turned government into a rights-creation industry. We’re not in politics to defend our natural rights, or our God-given moral dignity, or whatever you want to call it. We’re in politics to create rights. And the only rights we ever have are those that we humans create for one another. Now, there are worse ways of looking at politics than that, to be sure. But I think it’s very demoralizing for a democracy. Although it tries to avoid this, it still undermines the restraint on human will in politics. It opens the vista of very great creativity in the making of rights, which can also mean the unmaking of rights, which can also be done very creatively. And it removes any authority above our will from rights, from the democratic process, from the safety and happiness of the people, all of these notions which were close to the heart of what I call the founders’ Constitution. I try to be fair to the progressives in each of their versions as they make history in the 20th century. They’re really out to save America, as they understand it, from the burden of an antiquated Constitution and the inefficiencies of the machinery of the Constitution, but also what they regard as the immorality of the ideas behind the machinery. I think they sincerely believe that. And they did accomplish some good things in the 20th century, but I think the reasons they give for what they do tend to undermine the goodness of those accomplishments. This is one place where we just have a philosophical disagreement, because whatever one thinks of God, I do believe that rights only exist because human beings have decided they should, and because we’ve agreed to continually reaffirm them. But this is a point we can’t argue here. Most of your ire in the book is directed at the “woke” left and what you call its “abandonment of truth-seeking.” Is relativism really a bigger problem on the left today than it is on the right? That’s a good question. I think it’s more of a problem on the left. You could say many of the moral revolutionaries on the left, whether on the gender front or the anti-racist front, a lot of that does seem to be wrapped up with the notion of anti-foundationalism, or the idea that there’s no foundation for any of our concepts other than human will. That tendency is more advanced on the left than on the right. Does that kind of epistemological pluralism bother you as much as some of the stuff you’re seeing on the left? Now, at the same time, there are complicating factors here. One is that the battle over the election came at the end of a series of battles about the truth of things like Russian collusion or Ukrainian intervention. After two or three years of every establishment organ assuring us that there was no doubt that the guy was guilty, it turns out he wasn’t. So I think that contributed to the plausibility of Trump’s story that this was the latest deception in a series of deceptions. Okay, that’s fine, and while I think that’s a simplistic account of the Russia story, I’ll avoid debating it and instead push on my previous point a little more. We’re not in this situation merely because the left or because the media overplayed its hands on Russia, though I’d concede that’s part of the story.  Honestly, is that part of what’s going on here? But it’s true that Trump took advantage of what might have been, among reasonable people, some doubt about particular elections, and blew it up into a whole theory, a whole excuse, for losing the election. That is regrettable, and it is damaging. You’re very careful in the book to say we haven’t reached the point of no return, so I’ll ask you here: Where’s that line? And what happens when we cross it? It’s hard to say exactly. But it could be the result of a Supreme Court decision that a majority of the states refuse to enforce. It could be an abortion ruling or a guns ruling. But it could be sufficiently polarizing that people essentially say, “I don’t want to be in the same community with the people on the other side of this issue.” And that would start by saying, “We’re not going to allow federal marshals to enforce the law in our state.” But of course, for reasons that are familiar in history, that can escalate into something much bigger than anyone anticipated. I don’t think that is necessarily going to happen, and, of course, I’m hopeful that it doesn’t happen. But that’s a mechanical answer to your question. I think a more philosophical answer would be that we’ve crossed that line when it’s clear that we really don’t understand “All men are created equal” in the same way, or when we understand it in incompatible and even mutually impossible ways. If that happens, we’ve reached the limits of moral community, which helped to set the limits of political community. And that’s when you have a real problem.  Will you support Vox’s explanatory journalism? Understand how policy impacts people. Delivered Fridays. Check your inbox for a welcome email. Check your inbox for a welcome email. ",2559,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886373344,2021-03-23 10:00:00,"One Year Into The Pandemic, And Americans Have Been Getting Steadily More Lonely, The Latest Data Says. Here’s How The Power Of Music Is Helping Our Mental Health.",https://www.forbes.com/sites/garydrenik/2021/03/23/one-year-into-the-pandemic-and-americans-have-been-getting-steadily-more-lonely-the-latest-data-says-heres-how-the-power-of-music-is-helping-our-mental-health/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"Listening to music through headphones On the 20th of March 2020, New York State issued an executive order closing down all non-essential businesses, kicking off what has become a nation-wide series of lockdowns and fundamental changes to how Americans have lived their lives. It’s been just over a year since then, and there’s no question that the pandemic has impacted our mental health in some pretty dramatic ways. There are hundreds of music nonprofits; WAAM provides grants to the very best focused on education, health and wellness, and underserved communities. Their Power of Music Campaign has enlisted support of artists such as Darryl “DMC” McDaniels of Run DMC, Johnny Rzeznik of the Goo Goo Dolls, and numerous other Grammy-winning producers and sound engineers to highlight the very real impact that music can have on mental health and well-being. Rafa Sardina supporting the #WeAreAllMusic campaign. 15x GRAMMY and Latin GRAMMY winner, Rafa Sardina supporting the #WeAreAllMusic campaign. Gary Drenik: I love what WAAM has been doing to empower nonprofits that are bringing music into our lives at a time when things can look pretty bleak. Can you talk us through what the data says about mental health right now? For instance, anxiety was at its worst in July, with 33.3% of Americans saying that they felt more anxious as a result of the lockdowns. I could speculate about the factors behind this. I think a lot of Americans had initially considered the lockdown to be a shorter-term solution to the virus, but, by July, we were 4 months in, and there was a lot of uncertainty about reopening. We had to relearn what social interaction was going to look like, and there was the looming threat of a second wave that made the whole process feel particularly perilous. Anxiety is now down 4%, and I think many just got used to a new normal. Prosper - Anxiety There is also a light at the end of the tunnel with the vaccines. Overall, music nonprofits addressing these issues saw a surge in demand, while experiencing a decline in funding. Some of this was due to the economy and some of it was related to how reliant music nonprofits had become on event-driven fundraising.      Drenik: What about things like depression and loneliness? Prosper - Lonely - Depressed This is certainly troubling, but I think what concerns me the most is that we’ve definitely been getting more lonely. 18.7% of Americans felt lonely in May. Now, 21% of us feel lonely. This totally makes sense. We’re isolated, and the longer it goes on, the more lonely we’ll get. Right now, we need connection more than anything. The music organizations that are creating the connections between individuals are fighting this. In some instances, that is through one-on-one music lessons via video chat, and in others it is through playing at the bedsides of patients and caregivers in healthcare facilities who are struggling with their circumstances. In particular, we also have seen an uptick in people seeking music therapy or other mentee-mentor type music programs in underserved communities. Drenik: With loneliness increasing over time, what does the research say about the impact of music on loneliness and mental health in general? What impact can music have? What’s particularly interesting about this study is that the unique isolation which can exist in elderly communities is basically the closest pre-Covid-19 approximation to the dynamics that have impacted people of all ages during lockdown. We’ve had to adapt to a new social environment, spending more time alone or in a small, isolated community, with less to do and fewer places to go. It’s really encouraging that music seems to help us make sense of these changes, feel comforted in the midst of them, and begin to develop a new identity while occupying our newfound surplus of time in a meaningful way. Drenik: Can you tell us more about the specific nonprofits that you’ve been working with? What has their impact been, and how has the pandemic shifted their focus? These three organizations developed and executed a variety of programs utilizing music as the medium to change lives: including, expanding educational resources in underserved communities, creating mentorship networks, and fostering positive health behavior change. Education through Music efficiently adapted their programming to a virtual learning environment. This enabled them to maintain program stability throughout 53 public schools in the five boroughs in NYC and provide continuity for 18,000 students. Approximately 70% of parents whose children participate in ETM programs agree that learning music helps their child’s social development; and this has been especially critical during a year of learning disruptions. Guitars Over Guns, which empowers youth from disadvantaged backgrounds through strong mentor-mentee relationships, has greatly expanded a mental health module for students and mentors. Finally, Hip Hop Public Health has a unique platform that communicates to educators the untapped potential of music for improving the psychological, emotional, and physical health of individuals, especially in underserved communities. Drenik: Thank you, David. You’re doing great work with WAAM, and I’m so excited to hear about your next round of grantees. Music can change the world, and I hope that these organizations can positively impact the mental health crisis that we currently face. ",869,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886369523,2021-03-23 09:58:44,Two mass shootings reignite debate over tougher gun measures,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/gun-control-debate-mass-shootings-boulder-and-atlanta/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886367596,2021-03-23 10:00:08,‘Ain’t Supposed to Die’ Plans a Broadway Return,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/theater/aint-supposed-to-die-van-peebles-broadway.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by The 1971 Melvin Van Peebles musical, about Black life in a low-income neighborhood, is a dream project for the director Kenny Leon. Send any friend a story A half-century after its premiere, Melvin Van Peebles’s musical “Ain’t Supposed to Die a Natural Death” is heading back to Broadway. The musical, which began a nine-month run on Broadway in 1971, is constructed as a series of monologues, often vivid and confrontational, about Black life in a low-income neighborhood. Nominated for seven Tony Awards (but winning none), the show seems to anticipate both the confessional and personal style of musicals that followed, and the poetic spoken-word sounds of rap and hip-hop. Melvin Van Peebles wrote the show’s book, music and lyrics. Bill Duke and Garrett Morris were in the original cast, and Phylicia Rashad was a standby. Leon has long been enamored of the musical, which he performed in while a student at Clark Atlanta University. “It was so visceral, and so strong, and so powerful,” he said. “It gives voice to people who we normally don’t hear on a Broadway stage, and if we do hear them, we don’t hear their truth, we just hear their suffering.” Leon said the renewed focus on diversity and equity following a series of deaths of Black Americans in encounters with police catalyzed the production. “Right after everything that happened last year, I talked with Lia, and she said, ‘What do you want to do?’” Leon recalled. “I said, ‘I would love to do “Ain’t Supposed to Die a Natural Death” — I think it’s my life’s calling to do that play,’ and she said, ‘Let’s do it.’” Leon said the challenge facing his production would be “How do you marry the ’70s to the post-George Floyd moment in an artistic way?” He added, “Nothing about it is going to feel like a museum piece. My goal is to make the audience feel as if the play is new.” Perhaps best known as a film director, Melvin Van Peebles also wrote plays, novels, music and journalism. Mario Van Peebles, an actor who is being billed as the revival’s creative producer, said in an interview that he considers the musical (which he saw on Broadway when he was 14) his father’s best work. “It was a transformational experience — I saw people of all colors coming in, some who had never been to a theater before, and many who had, and some laughed, and some cried, and some applauded, but everyone was somehow changed,” he said. Mario Van Peebles said that throughout his life, people have told him that “Ain’t Supposed to Die a Natural Death” was ahead of its time, and that he has been eager to revive it while his father, who is now 88, is still alive. “Americans now have better tools to understand each other than we did before,” he said. “In a way, America has caught up, and the language and the tools that were once inner-city are now part of our culture.” The New York Times, for one, gave the original production a mixed review. With racial equity much discussed in the theater industry recently, “Ain’t Supposed to Die a Natural Death” becomes the eighth new production with a Black writer announced for Broadway when it reopens. The others are a revival of “Trouble in Mind” by Alice Childress; the Michael Jackson biomusical “MJ,” with a book by Lynn Nottage; a “Some Like It Hot” musical with a book co-written by Amber Ruffin; and the plays “Lackawanna Blues” by Ruben Santiago-Hudson, “Skeleton Crew” by Dominique Morisseau, and “Thoughts of a Colored Man” by Keenan Scott II, as well as an untitled play by Nottage. Advertisement ",619,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886344335,2021-03-23 08:30:21,Editor Daily Rundown: Dem Congressman Releases Photos From Inside Border Detention Center,https://dailycaller.com/2021/03/23/editor-daily-rundown-dem-congressman-releases-photos-from-inside-border-detention-center/,en,False,,18775,Daily Caller,http://dailycaller.com,"PAUL RATJE/AFP via Getty Images Exclusive photos from inside a U.S. Customs and Border Protection temporary overflow facility in Donna, Texas, reveal the crowded, makeshift conditions at the border as the government’s longer-term child shelters and family detention centers fill up. The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006 ",57,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886319236,2021-03-23 08:51:00,Why ARK Innovation’s red-hot returns aren’t as impressive as they seem,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/the-jury-is-out-on-whether-ark-innovations-red-hot-returns-are-due-to-cathie-woods-skill-or-luck-11616460092?siteid=yhoof2&yptr=yahoo,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,"You could have performed as well as the high-flying ARK Innovation ETF by investing in the Nasdaq 100 Index. One approach statisticians use to create an apples-to-apples comparison is with a metric known as the Sharpe Ratio, invented by William Sharpe, the 1990 Nobel laureate in economics. It is the ratio of a fund’s average returns to the standard deviation of those returns. The Sharpe Ratio of ARK Innovation’s monthly returns since 2014 is almost precisely the same as the QQQ’s. If you’re like some of my clients, your reaction is not to care about the Sharpe Ratio. “You can’t take the Sharpe Ratio to the bank,” you in effect tell me. It’s raw performance that counts, and on that basis there’s no doubt that the ARKK did far better. This reaction is confused, however. In fact you can take the Sharpe Ratio to the bank. If you had been willing to incur the ARK Innovation’s increased volatility, you could have made just as much by leveraging an investment in the QQQ. That is, you would have made just as much by increasing your portfolio allocation to QQQ, or by buying it on sufficient margin. This is illustrated in the chart below: The Sharpe Ratio is not the only method that statisticians employ for measuring adviser performance on a level playing field, but other widely used approaches reach the same conclusion. Perhaps the best known, at least in academic circles, is the Fama-French factor model, named for University of Chicago finance professor Eugene Fama (the 2013 Nobel laureate in economics) and Dartmouth College professor Ken French. Their model involves an econometric test to see if a mutual fund’s return is significantly better than a combination of index funds benchmarked to factors such as small-cap, growth, and momentum. The answer for ARK Innovation is “no” — an overweight allocation to a small-cap growth fund would have produced the same overall return since November 2014.  Note carefully that these statistical tests do not prove that ARK Innovation’s performance is due solely to luck. Instead, those tests tell us that we cannot conclude that its performance was not due to luck. In this case, the double negative is not the same as the positive; this is a subtle, but important, difference. This goes to show just how difficult it is to prove that an investment manager has genuine market-beating ability. If beating an index fund by more than 10 percentage points annualized over a 6-plus-year period is not enough, then what is? (An email to ARK Investment Management requesting comment was not immediately answered.) The answer: Satisfying traditional standards of statistical significance requires beating the market by a larger amount over a much longer period.  An example of a fund that does jump over this much-higher hurdle is Renaissance Technologies’ Medallion Fund, a hedge fund that has produced an incredible 39% annualized return over the 33 calendar years through 2020, versus “just” 11% annualized for an index fund. Bradford Cornell, an emeritus finance professor at UCLA, told me in an interview that it is impossible to attribute that fund’s outperformance to mere luck. (Unfortunately, this fund is only available to current and former partners at Renaissance Technologies.) In the meantime, it’s too early to render anything close to a final verdict on ARK Innovation’s stunning performance. Its performance over the next several years may prove to be good enough to eventually satisfy traditional standards of statistical significance. Until then we can’t be sure. This is yet another reason why index funds are the default investment of choice.  Chip makers' stocks have also been soaring as companies push into new industries. Mark Hulbert is a columnist for MarketWatch. His Hulbert Ratings service tracks investment newsletters that pay a flat fee to be audited. Mark Hulbert is a columnist for MarketWatch. His Hulbert Ratings service tracks investment newsletters that pay a flat fee to be audited. ",653,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886381906,2021-03-23 08:40:32,Republican Attack On D.C. Statehood Backfires,https://www.huffpost.com/entry/republican-attack-on-dc-statehood-backfires_n_6059e31ae4b0abcc9b17f116,en,False,,27502,HuffPost,http://www.huffingtonpost.com/#,,1,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886375967,2021-03-23 09:30:00,"The biggest animal welfare success of the past 6 years, in one chart",https://www.vox.com/future-perfect/22331708/eggs-cages-chickens-hens-meat-poultry,en,False,,104828,Vox,http://www.vox.com,"Factory farming is spreading, but some of its worst practices are on their way out.  
    Finding the best ways to do good. 
   If you research farm animal welfare for long enough, you begin to exist in a strange, paradoxical state: Everything is both getting better and worse at the same time. But things are better, too, because some of the worst factory farming practices are on their way out.  Due to a number of states banning the use of battery cages, and some states even banning the sale of eggs from caged hens, along with big food companies pledging to phase them out of their supply chains, the use of battery cages has been on a rapid decline in the last six years, replaced by cage-free barns. To be sure, cage-free hens still have it awful. Most are crowded into dark barns, still have part of their beaks cut off to prevent them from pecking one another, and still face a brutal slaughter. But cage-free barns are markedly less awful, and this enormous change in egg production is cause for measured celebration. So how did this major shift in our food system happen so quickly? It wasn’t because all of a sudden elected officials and food executives had a change of heart. It happened because for over 15 years, animal welfare advocates chipped away at the problem with a singular, practically obsessive focus.  “As California goes, so goes the nation” is a cliché, but an accurate and informative one on farm animal welfare.  Despite the progress, there are some reasons to temper optimism. It’s important to look at what supermarkets are doing, since over half of all eggs are sold in cartons on store shelves. Some are either not reporting progress, like Publix, ALDI, and Food Lion, or have made modest progress, like Walmart. On the other hand, Trader Joe’s is already at 60 percent cage-free, while Kroger is at 23 percent and Albertsons is at 28 percent. To get the remaining 71 percent of hens out of cages, advocates will need a lot to go right: courts to uphold California’s law, more states to ban cages, and big food companies to follow through on their pledges.  There’s reason to believe these companies, or at least a lot of them, could follow through by 2025, since some of the big ones that pledged to transition earlier — around 2020 — report they are now 100 percent cage-free, like Taco Bell and Unilever.  However, it’s important to note that this is all good-faith reporting; food companies aren’t making their egg purchase orders public or getting audited. Rather, they are providing updates in their annual corporate responsibility reports, which means advocates and the general public have to take them at their word. One could read all this and think, “Really? Making one sector of the food industry a little less miserable is the best the animal welfare movement can do?” And that’s an understandable criticism, considering the scope and severity of factory farming.  But I think you could see it another way, too: A young, tiny movement has changed how an enormous, powerful, and long-intransigent industry does a fundamental part of its business — in under two decades, no less. Despite how modest the reforms are, they are reforms, and they could pave the way for future ones. Will you support Vox’s explanatory journalism? Understand how policy impacts people. Delivered Fridays. Check your inbox for a welcome email. Check your inbox for a welcome email. ",598,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886373325,2021-03-23 10:00:00,How To Rescue Middle-Class Retail: Put Experience First,https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbusinesscouncil/2021/03/23/how-to-rescue-middle-class-retail-put-experience-first/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"getty For retailers struggling to hold a place in the middle in the face of a rapidly changing market and the ongoing shift to online shopping, bold new approaches are needed. The future doesn’t have to be bleak for physical retail — as long as we’re ready to take decisive action and execute on a strategy to put experience first. The Experience Is Key To The Product Putting experience first doesn’t mean simply improving associate conduct and attitude or enhancing supply chain efficiency — it means understanding that if brick-and-mortar retailers are to compete with e-commerce, experience has to be our core reason to exist. This is why creating engaging, purpose-built retail experiences for our clients is what we focus on at The Industrious.  Think of the Build-A-Bear Workshop, which guides children through a carefully curated process of creating a new treasured friend. You can buy a teddy bear online for five dollars; why pay 10 to 20 times that at Build-A-Bear? You’re paying for the smiles as your child goes through the process of creating their friend, the photos you take, the emotions and the memories. The experience is key to the product. Other examples of this include Eataly, which presents food as theatre in its sprawling gastronomic emporiums, and one of our clothing retail clients, C&A, which uses fun, interactive displays and selfie stations to suggest new looks and share brand stories with shoppers. Retailers like these, in every vertical and at every level, are succeeding because they sell experience — and that kind of thinking will keep them ahead of the pack as they work to attract the next generation of customers. Bringing Gen Z Into Your Store While the millennial generation has entrenched online shopping habits, it’s Generation Z, born between the mid-1990s and the early 2010s, who I believe holds the greatest promise for physical retail. I find that for Gen Z shoppers, the experience is everything. Born into a digital world, their online and offline life is often tightly integrated. Retailers that understand how to reach them will have a significant advantage in the coming years. As you invite Gen Z into your stores, you need to think about the in-store experience the same way I have noticed that Gen Z thinks about digital life: Grab my interest now and hold onto it, or I move on. To do this, make the mobile device an active component of the shopping experience. Content can be refreshed based on the shopper’s location in the store. Customers can be rewarded for sharing their experiences on social media, and short video clips can offer purchase incentives or just a simple thanks. If your retail experience requires your customer to disconnect, you may lose the Gen Z shopper because they’ll remain connected, just not with you. To get them to come to your store, make it worthwhile. Wow their senses. Show them something new each time. And let them know that your brand aligns with their personal brand. Encourage them to use their mobile device in your store as naturally as they do elsewhere, and inspire them to share their experience on social media. Put experience first. The Future Of Retail There are two steps you need to take to join them, but neither one is simple: We’re coming out of an unbelievably tough time for retail and the economy in general, but there is real hope on the horizon. An exciting and engaging retail experience can actively leverage your existing real estate portfolio to attract attention, make an emotional connection and build meaningful relationships with the next generation of shoppers, ensuring a solid future for retail for years to come. ",613,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886369515,2021-03-23 10:02:38,"Colorado Rep. Neguse says enough is enough after mass shooting in Boulder, calls for gun reform",https://www.cbsnews.com/video/colorado-rep-neguse-says-enough-is-enough-after-mass-shooting-in-boulder-calls-for-gun-reform/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886367590,2021-03-23 10:00:09,A Malcolm X Opera Will Get a Rare Revival in Detroit,https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/arts/music/malcolm-x-opera-detroit.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by Michigan Opera Theater announced the return of indoor performances and named an associate artistic director: the star soprano Christine Goerke. Send any friend a story “My first interview for this job was shortly after the murder of George Floyd,” Sharon, who is also an innovative stage director, said in an interview. “I thought: This is a moment for change. Casting singers of color is really easy, but my focus has been on composers, librettists, conductors. I’m thinking about this season as a statement of principles, and that’s what I hope for going forward.” In an interview, Goerke said that her family would be moving from New Jersey to Detroit, where she has relatives. But, aware that the news of her appointment might surprise fans of her performances, she clarified that she didn’t plan to reduce her performance schedule any time soon. “I’m not stepping away from singing,” she said. “I’m stepping toward what’s going to come eventually.” “I’ve been doing this for 27 years,” she added. “We’re always thinking about what’s next. And I want to be on the other side of the desk. My relationship to opera is not going to end when I’m done singing.” All of the productions next season come with backup plans, as the course of the coronavirus pandemic appears hopeful yet is still uncertain. But what Michigan Opera Theater unveiled on Tuesday puts off a return to live indoor performances at the Detroit Opera House until at least April 2022. “The reverse order means that we’re starting with death, and ending with love and hope,” he said. “We’ll all be coming from a place of death — at least I hope that this will be post-Covid. And I love that this thing everyone is hearing, the first thing in the theater in two years, is something they’ve never heard.” “I tried to make them realize,” Davis told Ebright, “that it’s about time that America got over thinking of Black art as being what’s done in the playground, or what’s basically the social-service part of culture.” Spend 5 minutes digging a little deeper into the best parts of music. Advertisement ",359,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886344330,2021-03-23 08:38:17,EXCLUSIVE: Sen. Ted Cruz Says Future Of Filibuster Could Be Dead In The Senate,https://dailycaller.com/2021/03/23/senator-ted-cruz-filibuster-senate-joe-manchin-kyrsten-sinema-chuck-schumer-video-interview/,en,False,,18775,Daily Caller,http://dailycaller.com,"[Daily Caller] Republican Texas Sen. Ted Cruz told the Daily Caller’s editorial director Vince Coglianese the filibuster is in real danger with Democrats in control. The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006 ",41,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886319210,2021-03-23 08:43:00,"Hartford Financial rejects Chubb's hostile buyout bid, stock falls",https://www.marketwatch.com/story/hartford-financial-rejects-chubbs-hostile-buyout-bid-stock-falls-2021-03-23?siteid=yhoof2&yptr=yahoo,en,False,,18840,finance.yahoo.com,http://finance.yahoo.com,"The research firm New Constructs says the stock is priced as if global EV sales will be far higher than is likely in 2030, and as if Tesla will capture the entire market.  Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. ",58,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886373313,2021-03-23 10:00:00,How To Speak Like A Leader Remotely,https://www.forbes.com/sites/benjaminlaker/2021/03/23/how-to-speak-like-a-leader-remotely/,en,False,,1104,Forbes,http://www.forbes.com/,"2020 is the year that nobody will forget in a hurry, for the impact on each one of us has been significant. From titans of industry to small business owners, frontline workers to CEOs of large organizations and university students to pre-school children, nobody has escaped the coronavirus effect. And as we reach the first anniversary of the first lockdown, we can be sure that the planet has changed, if not forever, then certainly for the foreseeable future. Because from a working perspective, we’re now in a world where more people work remotely than ever before. At best, some organizations can manage agile working, but the overriding situation is that we interact face-to-face less than ever in our working day. So the big question is, how do we lead this new landscape? It’s a good question. And over the past 12 months, Povey has refined some powerful leadership phrases that allow leaders to take back some control in a remote world, which are as follows.  What do you think? Thank you We Povey encourages people to keep leading through the power of language even in a remote world Having considered Povey’s ideas, we must be cautious and remember that the language we use can make or break people, cause our teams to fly or fall, or the ship to sink or sail. In conclusion, Povey says, “The (above) Language of Leadership has been road-tested and has proven to be useful for leaders when having to navigate this complex Covid era. So keep leading through the power of language and seize that remote control!” ",265,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886367581,2021-03-23 10:00:11,"For Eddie Izzard, a ‘99’ Ice Cream and a Waterloo Sunset Are Wondrous Things",https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/23/movies/eddie-izzard-favorites.html,en,False,,1,New York Times,http://nytimes.com,"Advertisement Supported by My Ten The star of “Six Minutes to Midnight,” opening Friday, tells why Elgar’s “Enigma” Variations, “Great Expectations,” David Bowie and London landmarks hold meaning for her. Send any friend a story “I do find — because I had my sort of 10 wilderness years before things took off — that I’ve tried very hard to stay four steps ahead of where I need to be,” Izzard, who is transgender, said in a video interview from London. She performs stand-up in English, French, German and Spanish. She channels 21 characters in a one-person show of Charles Dickens’s “Great Expectations.” She runs multiple marathons for charity — clocking 32 in 31 days in January, each followed by a comedy routine, for her Make Humanity Great Again campaign, which supports global unity and tolerance. Catch her while you can: Izzard hopes to go into politics in the near future as a member of Parliament for the Labour party, during which she’ll take a hiatus from performing. With her career in high gear, the timing may not be perfect, but she’s not worried. “There’s the critical momentum you need when you’re going in,” she said, “but that will stick around for when you come out.” Izzard channeled her trademark whimsy into her list of 10 cultural essentials — from the fantasy world of the Narnia books to the simple delights of an ice cream cone — which she wrote herself. KATHRYN SHATTUCK Once you buy your “99,” experienced users will have their own eating ritual to perform. Mine is always to push the chocolate Flake with one finger so that you push it down into the center of the cone. Then you close the hole in the ice cream over with your tongue and carry on eating the cone as if it never had a chocolate Flake. Then, when you are down to the final handle part of the cone, you have a heady mixture of wafer, vanilla ice cream and flaky chocolate to feast upon. Apart from it being one of Dickens’ more mature books and a great story of Pip, Magwitch, Miss Havisham and Estella, “Great X” is also interesting for me as it starts off down to the South East of London, along the river Thames towards the mouth of the river. This is the Chatham, Kent area of England and was where Dickens grew up, and the book starts here in about the 1820s, which is when he was there as a child. So you hear about “the marshes” direct from his childhood, a place that was barren in the winter and glorious in the summer. Not sure what to watch next? We can help. Advertisement ",451,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886369509,2021-03-23 10:03:09,Doctor on U.S. health officials questioning AstraZeneca vaccine clinical trial results,https://www.cbsnews.com/video/doctor-on-us-health-officials-questioning-astrazeneca-vaccine-clinical-trial-results/,en,False,,1752,CBS News,http://www.cbsnews.com/,Watch CBSN Live Copyright © 2021 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. ,13,,,,,,,,,,,,
1886344325,2021-03-23 08:45:58,Man Arrested For Allegedly Holding 11 National Guardsmen At Gunpoint,https://dailycaller.com/2021/03/23/larry-lee-harris-held-eleven-national-guardsmen-gunpoint-kidnapped-woman-child/,en,False,,18775,Daily Caller,http://dailycaller.com,"(Photo by OLIVIER DOULIERY/AFP via Getty Images) An Arizona man held members of the National Guard who were transporting coronavirus vaccines at gunpoint Monday, according to police. Harris followed the vans from Love’s Travel Station to Highway 62/82 & Country Road 3600, according to the statement. Eventually, Harris turned his vehicle into oncoming traffic and exited his vehicle, the report said. He then “pointed a gun at a National Guard Soldier, identified himself as a detective, and demanded to search the vehicles,” Williams said. Harris allegedly told police he stopped the vans believing they were carrying a kidnapped woman and child. “Harris appeared to be mentally disturbed,” Williams said. “This was a very dangerous situation since the suspect was standing in the midst of the unarmed Guardsman with a loaded weapon.”. Harris is currently in the Lubbock County Detention Center for charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, unlawful restraint, unlawful carrying of a weapon, impersonating a public servant and interference with Texas military forces. The Daily Caller has reached out to the Lubbock County Sheriff’s Office but did not receive a response at the time of publication. The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006 ",205,,,,,,,,,,,,
